Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
He has achieved success who has lived well, laughed often, and loved much; Who has enjoyed the trust of pure women, the respect of intelligent men and the love of little children; Who has filled his niche and accomplished his task; Who has never lacked appreciation of Earth's beauty or failed to express it; Who has left the world better than he found it, Whether an improved poppy, a perfect poem, or a rescued soul; Who has always looked for the best in others and given them the best he had; Whose life was an inspiration; Whose memory a benediction.
I can't give you a sure-fire formula for success, but I can give you a formula for failure: try to please everybody all the time.
If at first you don't succeed, try, try again. Then quit. No use being a damn fool about it.
Try not to become a man of success. Rather become a man of value.
It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation.
Dare to Be  When a new day begins, dare to smile gratefully.  When there is darkness, dare to be the first to shine a light.  When there is injustice, dare to be the first to condemn it.  When something seems difficult, dare to do it anyway.  When life seems to beat you down, dare to fight back.  When there seems to be no hope, dare to find some.  When you’re feeling tired, dare to keep going.  When times are tough, dare to be tougher.  When love hurts you, dare to love again.  When someone is hurting, dare to help them heal.  When another is lost, dare to help them find the way.  When a friend falls, dare to be the first to extend a hand.  When you cross paths with another, dare to make them smile.  When you feel great, dare to help someone else feel great too.  When the day has ended, dare to feel as you’ve done your best.  Dare to be the best you can –  At all times, Dare to be!
So be sure when you step, Step with care and great tact. And remember that life's A Great Balancing Act. And will you succeed? Yes! You will, indeed! (98 and ¾ percent guaranteed) Kid, you'll move mountains.
Success is getting what you want, happiness is wanting what you get
Letting go means to come to the realization that some people are a part of your history, but not a part of your destiny.
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor.
The worst part of success is trying to find someone who is happy for you.
Have no fear of perfection - you'll never reach it.
Success is stumbling from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.
Anyone whose goal is 'something higher' must expect someday to suffer vertigo. What is vertigo? Fear of falling? No, Vertigo is something other than fear of falling. It is the voice of the emptiness below us which tempts and lures us, it is the desire to fall, against which, terrified, we defend ourselves.
If A is a success in life, then A equals x plus y plus z. Work is x; y is play; and z is keeping your mouth shut
Don't spend time beating on a wall, hoping to transform it into a door.
Cry. Forgive. Learn. Move on. Let your tears water the seeds of your future happiness.
I'm a success today because I had a friend who believed in me and I didn't have the heart to let him down.
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.
Sometimes it takes a good fall to really know where you stand
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world.
All you need in this life is ignorance and confidence; then success is sure.
Sometimes life knocks you on your ass... get up, get up, get up!!! Happiness is not the absence of problems, it's the ability to deal with them.
How would your life be different if…You stopped making negative judgmental assumptions about people you encounter? Let today be the day…You look for the good in everyone you meet and respect their journey.
Don't aim at success. The more you aim at it and make it a target, the more you are going to miss it. For success, like happiness, cannot be pursued; it must ensue, and it only does so as the unintended side effect of one's personal dedication to a cause greater than oneself or as the by-product of one's surrender to a person other than oneself. Happiness must happen, and the same holds for success: you have to let it happen by not caring about it. I want you to listen to what your conscience commands you to do and go on to carry it out to the best of your knowledge. Then you will live to see that in the long-run—in the long-run, I say!—success will follow you precisely because you had forgotten to think about it
It had long since come to my attention that people of accomplishment rarely sat back and let things happen to them. They went out and happened to things.
Let the improvement of yourself keep you so busy that you have no time to criticize others.
It is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed.
A thinker sees his own actions as experiments and questions--as attempts to find out something. Success and failure are for him answers above all.
A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and gets to bed at night, and in between he does what he wants to do.
There is nothing more rare, nor more beautiful, than a woman being unapologetically herself; comfortable in her perfect imperfection. To me, that is the true essence of beauty.
Success is most often achieved by those who don't know that failure is inevitable.
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly.
If you try and lose then it isn't your fault. But if you don't try and we lose, then it's all your fault.
Kites rise highest against the wind, not with it.
At the end of the day, let there be no excuses, no explanations, no regrets.
Keep your best wishes, close to your heart and watch what happens
I don't care if you're black, white, straight, bisexual, gay, lesbian, short, tall, fat, skinny, rich or poor. If you're nice to me, I'll be nice to you. Simple as that.
Make a pact with yourself today to not be defined by your past. Sometimes the greatest thing to come out of all your hard work isn't what you get for it, but what you become for it. Shake things up today! Be You...Be Free...Share.
Never stop dreaming,  never stop believing,  never give up,  never stop trying, and  never stop learning.
Whatever the mind can conceive and believe, it can achieve.
The biggest challenge after success is shutting up about it.
When you show yourself to the world and display your talents, you naturally stir all kinds of resentment, envy, and other manifestations of insecurity... you cannot spend your life worrying about the petty feelings of others
Over the years, I have come to realize that the greatest trap in our life is not success, popularity, or power, but self-rejection. Success, popularity, and power can indeed present a great temptation, but their seductive quality often comes from the way they are part of the much larger temptation to self-rejection. When we have come to believe in the voices that call us worthless and unlovable, then success, popularity, and power are easily perceived as attractive solutions. The real trap, however, is self-rejection. As soon as someone accuses me or criticizes me, as soon as I am rejected, left alone, or abandoned, I find myself thinking, "Well, that proves once again that I am a nobody." ... [My dark side says,] I am no good... I deserve to be pushed aside, forgotten, rejected, and abandoned. Self-rejection is the greatest enemy of the spiritual life because it contradicts the sacred voice that calls us the "Beloved." Being the Beloved constitutes the core truth of our existence.
If you hang out with chickens, you're going to cluck and if you hang out with eagles, you're going to fly.
Do not let arrogance go to your head and despair to your heart; do not let compliments go to your head and criticisms to your heart; do not let success go to your head and failure to your heart.
The biggest wall you have to climb is the one you build in your mind: Never let your mind talk you out of your dreams, trick you into giving up. Never let your mind become the greatest obstacle to success. To get your mind on the right track, the rest will follow.
Supreme excellence consists of breaking the enemy's resistance without fighting.
Renew, release, let go. Yesterday’s gone. There’s nothing you can do to bring it back. You can’t “should’ve” done something. You can only DO something. Renew yourself. Release that attachment. Today is a new day!
We are all failures- at least the best of us are.
Judge your success by what you had to give up in order to get it.
Forget yesterday - it has already forgotten you. Don't sweat tomorrow - you haven't even met. Instead, open your eyes and your heart to a truly precious gift - today.
The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather a lack in will.
I've come to believe that each of us has a personal calling that's as unique as a fingerprint - and that the best way to succeed is to discover what you love and then find a way to offer it to others in the form of service, working hard, and also allowing the energy of the universe to lead you.
In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure.
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any one thing.
A kind gesture can reach a wound that only compassion can heal.
I find the best way to love someone is not to change them, but instead, help them reveal the greatest version of themselves.
Our greatest fear should not be of failure but of succeeding at things in life that don't really matter.
The three great essentials to achieve anything worthwhile are, first, hard work; second, stick-to-itiveness; third, common sense.
Never was anything great achieved without danger.
Rich people have small TVs and big libraries, and poor people have small libraries and big TVs.
You’re not obligated to win. You’re obligated to keep trying. To the best you can do everyday.
Success does not consist in never making mistakes but in never making the same one a second time.
One of the most spiritual things you can do is embrace your humanity. Connect with those around you today. Say, "I love you", "I'm sorry", "I appreciate you", "I'm proud of you"...whatever you're feeling. Send random texts, write a cute note, embrace your truth and share it...cause a smile today for someone else...and give plenty of hugs.
Don't confuse poor decision-making with destiny. Own your mistakes. It’s ok; we all make them. Learn from them so they can empower you!
People tend to be generous when sharing their nonsense, fear, and ignorance. And while they seem quite eager to feed you their negativity, please remember that sometimes the diet we need to be on is a spiritual and emotional one. Be cautious with what you feed your mind and soul. Fuel yourself with positivity and let that fuel propel you into positive action.
The only time you fail is when you fall down and stay down.
Walk with the dreamers, the believers, the courageous, the cheerful, the planners, the doers, the successful people with their heads in the clouds and their feet on the ground. Let their spirit ignite a fire within you to leave this world better than when you found it...
Let today be the day you stop being haunted by the ghost of yesterday. Holding a grudge &amp; harboring anger/resentment is poison to the soul. Get even with people...but not those who have hurt us, forget them, instead get even with those who have helped us.
If you have a dream, don’t just sit there. Gather courage to believe that you can succeed and leave no stone unturned to make it a reality.
To each there comes in their lifetime a special moment when they are figuratively tapped on the shoulder and offered the chance to do a very special thing, unique to them and fitted to their talents. What a tragedy if that moment finds them unprepared or unqualified for that which could have been their finest hour.
Success is a state of mind. If you want success, start thinking of yourself as a success.
May Light always surround you; Hope kindle and rebound you. May your Hurts turn to Healing; Your Heart embrace Feeling. May Wounds become Wisdom; Every Kindness a Prism. May Laughter infect you; Your Passion resurrect you. May Goodness inspire  your Deepest Desires. Through all that you Reach For,  May your arms Never Tire.
And will you succeed? Yes indeed, yes indeed! Ninety-eight and three-quarters percent guaranteed!
I've had great success being a total idiot.
Failure is a bend in the road, not the end of the road. Learn from failure and keep moving forward.
Success is getting what you want.. Happiness is wanting what you get.
My past has not defined me, destroyed me, deterred me, or defeated me; it has only strengthened me.
Plant seeds of happiness, hope, success, and love; it will all come back to you in abundance. This is the law of nature.
Don't mistake activity with achievement.
The good news is that the moment you decide that what you know is more important than what you have been taught to believe, you will have shifted gears in your quest for abundance. Success comes from within, not from without.
If I cannot do great things, I can do small things in a great way
People who lack the clarity, courage, or determination to follow their own dreams will often find ways to discourage yours. When you change for the better, the people around you will be inspired to change also....but only after doing their best to make you stop. Live your truth and don't EVER stop.
Winners are not afraid of losing. But losers are. Failure is part of the process of success. People who avoid failure also avoid success.
Successful people have no fear of failure. But unsuccessful people do. Successful people have the resilience to face up to failure—learn the lessons and adapt from it.
Great Leaders Create More Leaders  Good leaders have vision and inspire others to help them turn vision into reality. Great leaders create more leaders, not followers. Great leaders have vision, share vision, and inspire others to create their own.
Eighty percent of success is showing up.
Curious that we spend more time congratulating people who have succeeded than encouraging people who have not.
You were put on this earth to achieve your greatest self, to live out your purpose, and to do it courageously.
The universe doesn’t give you what you ask for with your thoughts - it gives you what you demand with your actions.
I have learned that success is to be measured not so much by the position that one has reached in life as by the obstacles which he has overcome while trying to succeed.
When you arise in the morning, think of what a precious privilege it is to be alive—to breathe, to think, to enjoy, to love—then make that day count!
Rejection is an opportunity for your selection.
Success is determined not by whether or not you face obstacles, but by your reaction to them. And if you look at these obstacles as a containing fence, they become your excuse for failure. If you look at them as a hurdle, each one strengthens you for the next.
Keep your friends for friendship, but work with the skilled and competent
When you connect to the silence within you, that is when you can make sense of the disturbance going on around you.
Spending time with God is the key to our strength and success in all areas of life. Be sure that you never try to work God into your schedule, but always work your schedule around Him.
When you take risks you learn that there will be times when you succeed and there will be times when you fail, and both are equally important.
It is impossible to escape the impression that people commonly use false standards of measurement — that they seek power, success and wealth for themselves and admire them in others, and that they underestimate what is of true value in life.
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing.
If at first you don't succeed, destroy all evidence that you tried.
Success, after all, loves a witness, but failure can't exist without one.
Understanding the difference between healthy striving and perfectionism is critical to laying down the shield and picking up your life. Research shows that perfectionism hampers success. In fact, it's often the path to depression, anxiety, addiction, and life paralysis.
Possessions, outward success, publicity, luxury - to me these have always been contemptible. I believe that a simple and unassuming manner of life is best for everyone, best for both the body and the mind.
Fortune sides with him who dares.
Those with a grateful mindset tend to see the message in the mess. And even though life may knock them down, the grateful find reasons, if even small ones, to get up.
Failures are the stairs we climb to reach success.
How much you can learn when you fail determines how far you will go into achieving your goals.
Be an Encourager: When you encourage others, you boost their self-esteem, enhance their self-confidence, make them work harder, lift their spirits and make them successful in their endeavors. Encouragement goes straight to the heart and is always available. Be an encourager. Always.
The harder you fall, the heavier your heart; the heavier your heart, the stronger you climb; the stronger you climb, the higher your pedestal.
To be successful you need friends and to be very successful you need enemies.
Before success comes in any man’s life, he is sure to meet with much temporary defeat, and, perhaps, some failure. When defeat overtakes a man, the easiest and most logical thing to do is to quit. That is exactly what the majority of men do. More than five hundred of the most successful men this country has ever known told the author their greatest success came just one step beyond the point at which defeat had overtaken them.
There is great change to be experienced once you learn the power of letting go. Stop allowing anyone or anything to control, limit, repress, or discourage you from being your true self! Today is YOURS to shape - own it - break free from people and things that poison or dilute your spirit.
Accepting oneself does not preclude an attempt to become better.
Don’t let mental blocks control you. Set yourself free. Confront your fear and turn the mental blocks into building blocks.
There is no failure except in no longer trying.
If you care about what you do and work hard at it, there isn't anything you can't do if you want to.
Persistence. Perfection. Patience. Power. Prioritize your passion. It keeps you sane.
To be independent of public opinion is the first formal condition of achieving anything great.
I advise you to stop sharing your dreams with people who try to hold you back, even if they're your parents. Because, if you're the kind of person who senses there's something out there for you beyond whatever it is you're expected to do - if you want to be EXTRA-ordinary- you will not get there by hanging around a bunch of people who tell you you're not extraordinary. Instead, you will probably become as ordinary as they expect you to be.
Don't blow off another's candle for it won't make yours shine brighter.
Success means we go to sleep at night knowing that our talents and ablities were used in a way that served others.
Happiness is part of who we are. Joy is the feeling
I want to do it because I want to do it. Women must try to do things as men have tried. When they fail, their failure must be but a challenge to others.
Success is a little like wrestling a gorilla. You don't quit when you're tired. You quit when the gorilla is tired.
You must expect great things of yourself before you can do them.
There are many aspects to success; material wealth is only one component. ...But success also includes good health, energy and enthusiasm for life, fulfilling relationships, creative freedom, emotional and psychological stability, a sense of well-being, and peace of mind.
Vision without execution is just hallucination.
Doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will.
Success is... knowing your purpose in life, growing to reach your maximum potential, and sowing seeds that benefit others.
Running isn't a sport for pretty boys...It's about the sweat in your hair and the blisters on your feet. Its the frozen spit on your chin and the nausea in your gut. It's about throbbing calves and cramps at midnight that are strong enough to wake the dead. It's about getting out the door and running when the rest of the world is only dreaming about having the passion that you need to live each and every day with. It's about being on a lonely road and running like a champion even when there's not a single soul in sight to cheer you on. Running is all about having the desire to train and persevere until every fiber in your legs, mind, and heart is turned to steel. And when you've finally forged hard enough, you will have become the best runner you can be. And that's all that you can ask for.
Having a low opinion of yourself is not 'modesty.' It's self-destruction. Holding your uniqueness in high regard is not 'egotism.' It's a necessary precondition to happiness and success.
If you believe you can, you might. If you know you can, you will.
You may be the only person left who believes in you, but it's enough. It takes just <i>one star</i> to pierce a universe of darkness. Never give up.
All the time you're saying to yourself, 'I could do that, but I won't,' — which is just another way of saying that you can't.
You see the first thing we love is a scene. For love at first sight requires the very sign of its suddenness; and of all things, it is the scene which seems to be seen best for the first time: a curtain parts and what had not yet ever been seen is devoured by the eyes: the scene consecrates the object I am going to love. The context is the constellation of elements, harmoniously arranged that encompass the experience of the amorous subject...  Love at first sight is always spoken in the past tense. The scene is perfectly adapted to this temporal phenomenon: distinct, abrupt, framed, it is already a memory (the nature of a photograph is not to represent but to memorialize)... this scene has all the magnificence of an accident: I cannot get over having had this good fortune: to meet what matches my desire.  The gesture of the amorous embrace seems to fulfill, for a time, the subject's dream of total union with the loved being: The longing for consummation with the other... In this moment, everything is suspended: time, law, prohibition: nothing is exhausted, nothing is wanted: all desires are abolished, for they seem definitively fulfilled... A moment of affirmation; for a certain time, though a finite one, a <i>deranged</i> interval, something has been successful: I have been fulfilled (all my desires abolished by the plenitude of their satisfaction).
The way of success is the way of continuous pursuit of knowledge.
Our way of thinking creates good or bad outcomes.
The test of success is not what you do when you are on top. Success is how high you bounce when you hit the bottom.
The thermometer of success is merely the jealousy of the malcontents.
Act the way you'd like to be and soon you'll be the way you'd like to act.
Love yourself. Forgive yourself. Be true to yourself. How you treat yourself sets the standard for how others will treat you.
Inherited Will, The Destiny of the Age, and The Dreams of the People. As long as people continue to pursue the meaning of Freedom, these things will never cease to be!" - Gol D. Roger
Doing the best at this moment puts you in the best place for the mext moment
You differ from a great man in only one respect: the great man was once a very little man, but he developed one important quality: he recognized the smallness and narrowness of his thoughts and actions. Under the pressure of some task that meant a great deal to him, he learned to see how his smallness, his pettiness endangered his happiness. In other words, a great man knows when and in what way he is a little man. A little man does not know he is little and is afraid to know. He hides his pettiness and narrowness behind illusions of strength and greatness, someone else's strength and greatness. He's proud of his great generals but not of himself. He admires an idea he has not had, not one he has had. The less he understands something, the more firmly he believes in it. And the better he understands an idea, the less he believes in it.
If you fuel your journey on the opinions of others, you are going to run out of gas.
Congratulations! Today is your day. You're off to Great Places! You're off and away!
If you are not the hero of your own story, then you're missing the whole point of your humanity.
If you’re in the luckiest one per cent of humanity, you owe it to the rest of humanity to think about the other 99 per cent.
To succeed in life, you need three things: a wishbone, a backbone and a funnybone.
Life always begins with one step outside of your comfort zone.
Missing a train is only painful if you run after it! Likewise, not matching the idea of success others expect from you is only painful if that’s what you are seeking.
Integrity is doing what is right and truthful, and doing as you say you would do.
Judgment is a negative frequency.
It's failure that gives you the proper perspective on success.
You have a unique gift to offer this world. Be true to yourself, be kind to yourself, read and learn about everything that interests you and keep away from people who bring you down. When you treat yourself kindly and respect the uniqueness of those around you, you will be giving this world an amazing gift... YOU!
Whosoever desires constant success must change his conduct with the times.
When your back is to the wall and you are facing fear head on, the only way is forward and through it.
Each new day is a blank page in the diary of your life. The secret of success is in turning that diary into the best story you possibly can.
Edit your life frequently and ruthlessly. It's your masterpiece after all.
No matter what your history has been, your destiny is what you create today. What are you going to create?
Every single time you help somebody stand up you are helping humanity rise.
Men are born to succeed, not to fail.
Success will be within your reach only when you start reaching out for it.
People don't need love. What they need is success in one form or another. It can be love but it needn't be.
Act as if! Act as if you're a wealthy man, rich already, and then you'll surely become rich. Act as if you have unmatched confidence and then people will surely have confidence in you. Act as if you have unmatched experience and then people will follow your advice. And act as if you are already a tremendous success, and as sure as I stand here today - you will become successful.
Success is not obtained overnight. It comes in installments; you get a little bit today, a little bit tomorrow until the whole package is given out. The day you procrastinate, you lose that day's success.
A quitter never wins-and-a winner never quits.
The world’s greatest achievers have been those who have always stayed focussed on their goals and have been consistent in their efforts.
You’re frustrated because you keep waiting for the blooming of flowers of which you have yet to sow the seeds.
When you are living the best version of yourself, you inspire others to live the best versions of themselves.
Before you can successfully make friends with others, first you have to become your own friend.
I do not like to repeat successes I like to go on to other things.
There are no secrets to success: don’t waste time looking for them. Success is the result of perfection, hard work, learning from failure, loyalty to those for whom you work, and persistence.
Desire is the key to motivation, but it’s determination and commitment to an unrelenting pursuit of your goal - a commitment to excellence - that will enable you to attain the success you seek.
Your success and happiness lie in you.
Strike the shepherd and the sheep will scatter
The level of success you achieve will be in direct proportion to the depth of your commitment.
Don't set your goals by what other people deem important.
To be heroic is to be courageous enough to die for something; to be inspirational is to be crazy enough to live a little.
The victim mindset dilutes the human potential. By not accepting personal responsibility for our circumstances, we greatly reduce our power to change them.
To succeed in the world it is not enough to be stupid - one must also be polite.
The merit of all things lies in their difficulty.
Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.
Don't give up! It's not over. The universe is balanced. Every set-back bears with it the seeds of a come-back.
One of the lessons that I grew up with was to always stay true to yourself and never let what somebody else says distract you from your goals. And so when I hear about negative and false attacks, I really don't invest any energy in them, because I know who I am.
It is extraordinarily entertaining to watch the historians of the past ... entangling themselves in what they were pleased to call the "problem" of <a href="https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/579166.Elizabeth_I" rel="nofollow">Queen Elizabeth</a>. They invented the most complicated and astonishing reasons both for her success as a sovereign and for her tortuous matrimonial policy. She was the tool of Burleigh, she was the tool of Leicester, she was the fool of Essex; she was diseased, she was deformed, she was a man in disguise. She was a mystery, and must have some extraordinary solution. Only recently has it occrurred to a few enlightened people that the solution might be quite simple after all. She might be one of the rare people were born into the right job and put that job first.
Decide what you want to be.... Pay the Price ... And be what you want to be.
We do not get to choose how we start out in life. We do not get to choose the day we are born or the family we are born into, what we are named at birth, what country we are born in, and we do not get to choose our ancestry. All these things are predetermined by a higher power. By the time you are old enough to start making decisions for yourself, a lot of things in your life are already in place. It’s important, therefore, that you focus on the future, the only thing that you can change.
The real glory is being knocked to your knees and then coming back. That's real glory. Thats the essence of it.
I am not a victim. No matter what I have been through, I'm still here. I have a history of victory.
Anyone who imagines they can work alone winds up surrounded by nothing but rivals, without companions. The fact is, no one ascends alone.
Failure should be our teacher, not our undertaker. Failure is delay, not defeat. It is a temporary detour, not a dead end. Failure is something we can avoid only by saying nothing, doing nothing, and being nothing.
When emerging from humble beginnings, those around you tend to underestimate your authenticity because they knew you before you were 'somebody'.
Who you are tomorrow begins with what you do today.
Courage to me is doing something daring, no matter how afraid, insecure, intimidated, alone, unworthy, incapable, ridiculed or whatever other paralyzing emotion you might feel. Courage is taking action....no matter what.  So you're afraid? Be afraid.  Be scared silly to the point you're trembling and nauseous, but do it anyway!
It is in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped.
If you're not gonna go all the way, why go at all?
I am so grateful for my troubles. As I reflect back on my life, I have come to realize that my greatest triumphs have been born of my greatest troubles.
When you go in search of honey, you must expect to be stung by bees.
There's no reason to have a plan B because it distracts from plan A.
The most important thing is this: to sacrifice what you are now for what you can become tomorrow.
Those who don't jump will never fly.
Early success is a terrible teacher. You're essentially being rewarded for a lack of preparation, so when you find yourself in a situation where you must prepare, you can't do it. You don't know how.
Opinions are the cheapest commodities on earth. Everyone has a flock of opinions ready to be wished upon anyone who will accept them. If you are influenced by "opinions" when you reach DECISIONS, you will not succeed in any undertaking.
The roughest roads often lead to the top.
You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don’t try.
It’s a lack of clarity that creates chaos and frustration. Those emotions are poison to any living goal.
The road to success is dotted with many tempting parking spaces.
You don't have to get a job that makes others feel comfortable about what they perceive as your success. You don't have to explain what your plan to do with your life. You don't have to justify your education by demonstrating its financial rewards. You don't have to maintain an impeccable credit score. Anyone who expects you to do any of those things has no sense of history of economics or science or the arts.
The whole secret of a successful life is to find out what is one's destiny to do, and then do it.
Sure it could get rough sometimes, but life wasn't a Hollywood movie. Shit happened. You fought, you screamed, and somehow you worked like hell to get out the other side still intact.
Whenever I am in a difficult situation where there seems to be no way out, I think about all the times I have been in such situations and say to myself, "I did it before, so I can do it again.
Be curious about the world in which you live. Look things up. Chase down every reference. Go deeper than anybody else--that's how you'll get ahead.
Success comes from the inside out. In order to change what is on the outside, you must first change what is on the inside.
Stop blaming outside circumstances for your inside chaos.
At the end, someone or something always gives up. It is either you give up and quit or the obstacle or failure gives up and makes way for your success to come through.
Failure is constructive feedback that tells you to try a different approach to accomplish what you want.
The money you make is a symbol of the value you create.
There is no progress or accomplishment without sacrifice.
It takes nothing to stay in poverty, but everything to break free from it.
You rarely win, but sometimes you do.
To dream of success is to set a goal of where you want to be; to wake up, take action, and achieve it is what true success is all about.
Nearly' only counts in horseshoes and hand-grenades.
Our business in life is not to succeed, but to continue to fail in good spirits.
You have succeeded in life when all you really WANT is only what you really NEED.
The bird dares to break the shell, then the shell breaks open and the bird can fly openly. This is the simplest principle of success. You dream, you dare and and you fly.
Never run from the enemy, tackle them
When you fail, that is when you get closer to success.
Don't look so worried. Most successful missions are just a series of barely averted disasters.
There is only one success-to be able to spend life in your own way.
Doing the tough things sets winners apart from losers.
Make the choice to embrace this day. Do not let your TODAY be stolen by the ghost of yesterday or the "To-Do" list of tomorrow! It’s inspiring to see all the wonderfully amazing things that can happen in a day in which you participate.
No guts, no story.
Find a purpose to serve, not a lifestyle to live.
Do not let another day go by where your dedication to other people's opinions is greater than your dedication to your own emotions!
Although time seems to fly, it never travels faster than one day at a time. Each day is a new opportunity to live your life to the fullest. In each waking day, you will find scores of blessings and opportunities for positive change. Do not let your TODAY be stolen by the unchangeable past or the indefinite future! Today is a new day!
People are successful because they think and act like successful people.
I am struck by how sharing our weakness and difficulties is more nourishing to others than sharing our qualities and successes.
Don't worry about being effective. Just concentrate on being faithful to the truth.
If your success is not on your own terms, if it looks good to the world but does not feel good in your heart, it is not success at all.
As Aristotle said, 'Excellence is a habit.' I would say furthermore that excellence is made constant through the feeling that comes right after one has completed a work which he himself finds undeniably awe-inspiring. He only wants to relax until he's ready to renew such a feeling all over again because to him, all else has become absolutely trivial.
No other success can compensate for failure in the home.
The line between failure and success is so fine. . . that we are often on the line and do not know it.
When you live your life by poor standards, you inflict damage on everyone who crosses your path, especially those you love.
What do you mean I have to wait for someone's approval?  <i>I'm</i> someone.  <i>I</i> approve.  So I give myself permission to move forward with my full support!
Lack of confidence, sometimes alternating with unrealistic dreams of heroic success, often leads to procrastination, and many studies suggest that procrastinators are self-handicappers: rather than risk failure, they prefer to create conditions that make success impossible, a reflex that of course creates a vicious cycle.
The secret to success is constancy of purpose.
Most men either compromise or drop their greatest talents and start running after, what they perceive to be, a more reasonable success, and somewhere in between they end up with a discontented settlement. Safety is indeed stability, but it is not progression.
REMEMBER YOUR GREATNESS  Before you were born, And were still too tiny for The human eye to see, You won the race for life From among 250 million competitors. And yet, How fast you have forgotten Your strength, When your very existence Is proof of your greatness. You were born a winner, A warrior, One who defied the odds By surviving the most gruesome Battle of them all. And now that you are a giant, Why do you even doubt victory Against smaller numbers, And wider margins? The only walls that exist, Are those you have placed in your mind. And whatever obstacles you conceive, Exist only because you have forgotten What you have already Achieved.  Poetry by Suzy Kassem
You make mistakes, mistakes don't make you
Participate in your dreams today. There are unlimited opportunities available with this new day. Take action on those wonderful dreams you've had in your mind for so long. Remember, success is something you experience when you act accordingly.
But if you forgive someone for something they did to you, it doesn’t mean you agree with what they did or believe it was right. Forgiving that person means you have chosen not to dwell on the matter anymore; you have moved on with your life.
Be patient. Your skin took a while to deteriorate. Give it some time to reflect a calmer inner state. As one of my friends states on his Facebook profile: "The true Losers in Life, are not those who Try and Fail, but those who Fail to Try.
If you think you can then you can.
There is strange comfort in knowing that no matter what happens today, the Sun will rise again tomorrow.
To burn always with this hard gemlike flame, to maintain this ecstasy, is success in life.
Writing is really just a matter of writing a lot, writing consistently and having faith that you'll continue to get better and better. Sometimes, people think that if they don't display great talent and have some success right away, they won't succeed. But writing is about struggling through and learning and finding out what it is about writing itself that you really love.
The secret to doing anything is believing that you can do it. Anything that you believe you can do strong enough, you can do. Anything. As long as you believe.
A person who doubts himself is like a man who would enlist in the ranks of his enemies and bear arms against himself. He makes his failures certain by himself being the first person to be convinced of it.
Today, many will choose to live free of conditions and rules governing their own happiness. Why not you? Do not let another day go by where your dedication to other people's opinions is greater than your dedication to your own emotions! Today's a new day!
The power to change your life lies in the simplest of steps.
Today is the only day in which we have any power.
No one can travel so far that he does not make some progess each day. So let us never give up. Then we shall move forward daily in the Lord's way. And let us never despair because of our limited success. Even though it is so much less than we would like, our labour is not wasted when today is better than yesterday!
Be happy with who you are and what you do, and you can do anything you want.
...it is well known that a vital ingredient of success is not knowing that what you're attempting can't be done.
Fear can only grow in darkness. Once you face fear with light, you win.
You can't just wish change; you have to live the change in order for it to become a reality.
Do not sit still; start moving now. In the beginning, you may not go in the direction you want, but as long as you are moving, you are creating alternatives and possibilities.
I was taught to strive not because there were any guarantees of success but because the act of striving is in itself the only way to keep faith with life.
The bottom line is, insults only hurt when they come from someone I respect.
He will know from and early age that failure is not disgrace. It's just a pitch that you missed, and you'd better get ready for the next one. The next one might be the shot heard round the world. My son and I are Americans, we prepare for glory by failing until we don't.
You only have to do a very few things right in your life so long as you don't do too many things wrong.
I never fail. It's just that the people around me succeed more than I.
Whole life is a search for beauty. But, when the beauty is found inside, the search ends and a beautiful journey begins.
If you want to find happiness, find gratitude.
If you really want the key to success, start by doing the opposite of what everyone else is doing.
Learn to adapt. Things change, circumstances change. Adjust yourself and your efforts to what it is presented to you so you can respond accordingly. Never see change as a threat, because it can be an opportunity to learn, to grow, evolve and become a better person.
You will find the key to success under the alarm clock.
It is not the possession of truth, but the success which attends the seeking after it, that enriches the seeker and brings happiness to him.
Success is neither magical nor mysterious. Success is the natural consequence of consistently applying basic fundamentals.
Life is a balanced system of learning and evolution. Whether pleasure or pain; every situation in your life serves a purpose. It is up to us to recognize what that purpose could be.
Almost anyone can be an author; the business is to collect money and fame from this state of being.
If you want to give yourself a fair chance to succeed, never expect too much too soon
Soar with wit. Conquer with dignity. Handle with care.
The struggles we endure today will be the ‘good old days’ we laugh about tomorrow.
What you perceive as a failure today may actually be a crucial step towards the success you seek. Never give up.
Whatever you do, do it with purpose. Being focused is not something to be ashamed of. It is something to be proud of. When you know what are you are doing and have a clear vision of where you are going, you will not need to chase opportunities. Opportunities will seek you. Happiness will chase you. And, instead of being a choice, you will be the one choosing.
Some say if you want success surround yourself with successful people. I say if you want true and lasting success surround yourself with people of integrity.
Do you love yourself enough to BE what you love yourself enough to WANT?
Flaming enthusiasm, backed by horse sense and persistence, is the quality that most frequently makes for success.
When we start being too impressed by the results of our work, we slowly come to the erroneous conviction that life is one large scoreboard where someone is listing the points to measure our worth. And before we are fully aware of it, we have sold our soul to the many grade-givers. That means we are not only in the world, but also of the world. Then we become what the world makes us. We are intelligent because someone gives us a high grade. We are helpful because someone says thanks. We are likable because someone likes us. And we are important because someone considers us indispensable. In short, we are worthwhile because we have successes. And the more we allow our accomplishments — the results of our actions — to become the criteria of our self-esteem, the more we are going to walk on our mental and spiritual toes, never sure if we will be able to live up to the expectations which we created by our last successes. In many people’s lives, there is a nearly diabolic chain in which their anxieties grow according to their successes. This dark power has driven many of the greatest artists into self-destruction.
It is not as much about who you used to be, as it is about who you choose to be.
One of the most healing things you can do is recognize where in your life you are your own poison.
What seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings in disguise
Judging is preventing us from understanding a new truth. Free yourself from the rules of old judgments and create the space for new understanding.
The distance between insanity and genius is measured only by success.
Your life is a print-out of your thoughts.
Are you going to allow the world around you to change while you remain stagnant? Make this the time you throw away old habits that have hindered your happiness and success and finally allow your greatest self to flourish.
How would your life be different if…You pretended those around you were deaf to your words? Let today be the day…You let your actions speak and communicate your feelings and intentions.
Don't be afraid of failure. This is the way to succeed.
Life itself is simple...it's just not easy.
You've been given the innate power to shape your life...but you cannot just speak change, you have to LIVE change. Intent paired with action builds the bridge to success. You can't just want it; you have to do it, live it...BE it! Success isn't something you have, it's something you DO!
I cannot say this too strongly: Do not compare yourselves to others. Be true to who you are, and continue to learn with all your might.
It doesn't matter how great your shoes are if you don't accomplish anything in them.
You are where you are right now because of the actions you've taken, or maybe, the inaction you've taken.
To laugh often and much; to win the respect of the intelligent people and the affection of children; to earn the appreciation of honest critics and endure the betrayal of false friends; to appreciate beauty; to find the beauty in others; to leave the world a bit better whether by a healthy child, a garden patch, or a redeemed social condition; to know that one life has breathed easier because you lived here. This is to have succeeded.
Take your victories, whatever they may be, cherish them, use them, but don't settle for them.
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.
With one day's reading a man may have the key in his hands.
Your life begins to change the day you take responsibility for it.
If you don’t know exactly where you’re going, how will you know when you get there?
There is absolutely no greater high than challenging the power structure as a nobody, giving it your all, and winning!
God’s word is not just to be heard and repeated, it is to be breathed, lived, and emulated with each action.
Today is a new day and it brings with it a new set of opportunities for me to act on. I am attentive to the opportunities and I seize them as they arise. I have full confidence in myself and my abilities. I can do all things that I commit myself to. No obstacle is too big or too difficult for me to handle because what lies inside me is greater than what lies ahead of me. I am committed to improving myself and I am getting better daily. I am not held back by regret or mistakes from the past. I am moving forward daily. Absolutely nothing is impossible for me.
Never feel shame for trying and failing for he who has never failed is he who has never tried.
When you work on something that only has the capacity to make you 5 dollars, it does not matter how much harder you work – the most you will make is 5 dollars.
Sometimes not getting what you want is a brilliant stroke of luck.
Sometimes success demands a certain refined insanity.
To become successful, one must put themselves in the paths of giants!
Let your creative and imaginative mind run freely; it will take you places you never dreamed of and provide breakthroughs that others once thought were impossible.
Success is the progressive realization of a worthy ideal
The problem for a lot of people is that they don't really know what they want. They have vague desire: to 'do something creative' or to earn more money or 'to be free', but they can't really pin down what it is precisely that they want.  So they drift from one thing to another, enjoying some moments and hating others, but never really finding fulfillment or success. (..) This is why it's hard to lead a successful life (whatever that means to you) when you don't know what you want.
Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there.
Success is the doing, not the getting; in the trying, not the triumph. Success is a personal standard, reaching for the highest that is in us, becoming all that we can be. If we do our best, we are a success.
so here i sit. a sum of the parts. about a third way down this wonderful path, so to speak. and i've been thinking lately about a friendship that fell apart with time, with distance, and with the misunderstanding of youth. i'm trying not to confuse sadness with regret. not the easiest thing at times. i dont regret that certain things happened. i understand that perhaps i had a choice in the matter, or perhaps i believe in fate. probably not, but so far actions as small as the quickest glance to events as monumental as death have pushed me slowly along to right here, right now. there was no other way to get here. the meandering and erratic path was actually the straightest of lines. take away a handful of angry words, things once thought of as mistakes or regrets, and i'm suddenly a different person with a different history, a different future. that, i would regret. so here i sit. thinking about a person i once called my best friends. a man who might be full of sadness and regret, who might not give a damn, or who might, just might, remember the future and realize that's where its at.
The way to screw up somebody's life is to give them what they want.
You have been blessed with immeasurable power to make positive changes in your life.
Sky is not a limit for me; because I have no limit for myself in life. Because life is a world full of risk taking and possibilities. No matter how hard or easy life is; I will always find a way to enjoy myself; even in the mist of circumstances; because problems is a sense of adventure in sheep's clothing.
Success is getting what you want; happiness is wanting what you get.
NEVER be surprised by your own success!
If you're waiting until you feel talented enough to make it, you'll never make it.
Success is a journey, not a destination.
Go as far as you can see and you will see further.
Success comes in a lot of ways, but it doesn't come with money and it doesn't come with fame. It comes from having a meaning in your life, doing what you love and being passionate about what you do. That's having a life of success. When you have the ability to do what you love, love what you do and have the ability to impact people. That's having a life of success. That's what having a life of meaning is.
Play around. Dive into absurdity and write. Take chances. You will succeed if you are fearless of failure.
Don't waste your time hating a failure. Failure is a greater teacher than success. Listen, learn, go on.
Success is a great deodorant.
You can have it all, just not all at the same time.
Happiness simply cannot be relied upon as a measure of success.
Your agreement with reality defines your life.
Diligence is the mother of good fortune.
Success is a poor teacher
...success is not a comparison of what we have done with what others have done.
The difference between greed and ambition is a greedy person desires things he isn't prepared to work for.
If you feel obsessed to prove something to the world,  then you'd need world attention to be able to prove it.
Success is doing what you want to do, when you want, where you want, with whom you want, as much as you want.
Success is something you experience when you act accordingly. Success is not something you have, it's something you do.
The most critical time in any battle is not when I’m fatigued, it’s when I no longer care.
No matter how good you get you can always get better, and that's the exciting part.
If you really want to eat, keep climbing. The fruits are on the top of the tree. Stretch your hands and keep stretching them. Success is on the top, keep going.
When you have faults, do not fear to abandon them.
People can change anything they want to, and that means everything in the world.
If life didn’t give you at least one person not wanting you to succeed then half of us would lose are motivation to climb that cliff, in order to prove them wrong.
The only real battle in life is between hanging on and letting go.
The only guarantee for failure is to stop trying
If you can't do great things, <a href="https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/838305.Mother_Teresa" rel="nofollow" title="Mother Teresa">Mother Teresa</a> used to say, do little things with great love. If you can't do them with great love, do them with a little love. If you can't do them with a little love, do them anyway. Love grows when people serve.
It's a funny thing about life, once you begin to take note of the things you are grateful for, you begin to lose sight of the things that you lack.
Stop giving meaningless praise and start giving meaningful action.
Failure is a greater teacher than success
Be an opener of doors
We set out to save the Shire, Sam and it has been saved - but not for me.
It is a common condition of being poor... you are always afraid that the good things in your life are temporary, that someone can take them away, because you have no power beyond your own brute strength to stop them.
Constantly stopping to explain oneself may expand into a frustrating burden for the rare individual, so ceasing to do so is like finally dropping the weights and sprinting towards his goals. Those who insincerely misunderstand, who intentionally distort the motives of a pure-intentioned individual, then, no longer have the opportunity to block his path; instead, they are the ones left to stand on the sidelines shouting frustratedly in the wind of his trail.
Stop allowing your day-to-day life to be clouded by busy nothingness.
Remember, happiness doesn't depend upon who you are or what you have; it depends solely upon what you think. So start each day by thinking of all the things you have to be thankful for. Your future will depend very largely on the thoughts you think today. So think thoughts of hope and confidence and love and success.
At any given moment the choice to be happy is present- we just have to choose to be happy.
While intent is the seed of manifestation, action is the water that nourishes the seed. Your actions must reflect your goals in order to achieve true success.
Then what is good? The obsessive interest in human affairs, plus a certain amount of compassion and moral conviction, that first made the experience of living something that must be translated into pigment or music or bodily movement or poetry or prose or anything that's dynamic and expressivee--that's what's good for you if you're at all serious in your aims. William Saroyan wrote a great play on this theme, that purity of heart is the one success worth having. "In the time of your life--live!" That time is short and it doesn't return again. It is slipping away while I write this and while you read it, the monosyllable of the clock is Loss, loss, loss, unless you devote your heart to its opposition.
How many people you bless is how you measure success
Stop lying to yourself. When we deny our own truth, we deny our own potential.
...If there is no risk, there is no reward.
Moods can be contagious. Don't catch or spread a bad mood.
Change is in the air. This change reminds us that we are made and beautifully sculpted by the same power that orchestrates the change of season. Let this be the season you embrace and align yourself with this change.
Free yourself from the complexities of your life! A life of simplicity and happiness awaits you.
Participate in your own dreams, don’t just say what you want or complain about what you don’t have.
For some unknown reason, success usually occurs in private, while failure occurs in full view.
What do you think will be more effective when it comes to succeeding, believing you can or KNOWING you will? Let today be the last day you took timid steps of belief and start taking confident steps of purpose-driven knowing!
When you establish a destination by defining what you want, then take physical action by making choices that move you towards that destination, the possibility for success is limitless and arrival at the destination is inevitable.
Success ... seems to be connected with action. Successful men keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don't quit.
Chanel is an institution, and you have to treat an institution like a whore – and then you get something out of her
When the actions becomes frequent than the words, success becomes heavier than the dreams. Do more, say less.
Success is counted sweetest	 By those who ne’er succeed.	 To comprehend a nectar	 Requires sorest need.
Do not sabotage your new relationship with your last relationship’s poison.
There are going to be times when you learn more about the world you’re entering and feel defeated when you see the gap between the ideal and the reality… But that’s something we’ll all face. The people that face those obstacles and overcome them are people whose dreams come true.
You are forgiven for your happiness and your successes only if you generously consent to share them.
Last night as I was sleeping, I dreamt -- marvellous error! --  that I had a beehive  here inside my heart. And the golden bees  were making white combs  and sweet honey  from my old failures.
I believe that you're great, that there's something magnificent about you. Regardless of what has happened to you in your life, regardless of how young or how old you think you might be, the moment you begin to think properly, there's something that is within you, there's power within you, that's greater than the world. It will begin to emerge. It will take over your life. It will feed you. It will clothe you. It will guide you, protect you, direct you, sustain your very existence, if you let it. Now, that is what I know for sure.
Pretend that every single person you meet has a sign around his or her neck that says, "Make me feel important." Not only will you succeed in sales, you will succeed in life.
According to the moral absolutism that characterizes McCandless's beliefs, a challenge in which a successful outcome is assured isn't a challenge at all.
We may place blame, give reasons, and even have excuses; but in the end, it is an act of cowardice to not follow your dreams.
Fashion does not have to prove that it is serious. It is the proof that intelligent frivolity can be something creative and positive
Perfection' is man's ultimate illusion. It simply doesn't exist in the universe.... If you are a perfectionist, you are guaranteed to be a loser in whatever you do.
The backbone of success is...hard work, determination, good planning, and perserverence.
Live your vision and demand your success.
Your dream is a reality that is waiting for you to materialize. Today is a new day! Don’t let your history interfere with your destiny! Learn from your past so that it can empower your present and propel you to greatness
Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value.
Why are you going to choose failure when success is an option?
Interrupt your thoughts of "I should", with your action of doing.
You are beautiful. Your beauty, just like your capacity for life, happiness, and success, is immeasurable.
Men love women who are courageous for it means they can go all the way with him in his pursuit of his good dreams and intentions.
To do more for the world than the world does for you - that is success.
Make a pact with yourself today to not be defined by your past. Instead, shake things up today! Live through today. Don’t just exist through it - LIVE through it!
We must transcend the illusion that money or power has any bearing on our worthiness as children of God.
If you want to be successful, it's just this simple. Know what you are doing. Love what you are doing. And believe in what you are doing.
If failure has the strength to turn your life into bitterness itself, then patience has the strength to turn your life into the sweetest joy. Do not surrender to fate after a single failure. Failure, at most, precedes success.
Don't think that just because you made it to the next level that the haters and naysayers disappear. Remember, new levels bring new devils.
More powerful than the will to win is the courage to begin.
There's nothing in the world that breeds success like success.
It's in those quiet little towns, at the edge of the world, that you will find the salt of the earth people who make you feel right at home.
Rise to the challenge of bringing your dreams to life! Do not be discouraged by resistance, be nourished by it. Success is the experience of rising to the level of your true greatness.
When you know what you want, and you want it bad enough, you'll find a way to get it.
Become the leader of your life. Lead yourself to where you want to be. Breathe life back into your ambitions, your desires, your goals, your relationships.
Free yourself from the burden of feeling the need to hold on to anything. Let go… you are a part of everything.
Learn from your history, but don’t live in it.
The comfort zone is a psychological state in which one feels familiar, safe, at ease, and secure.  If you always do what is easy and choose the path of least resistance, you never step outside your comfort zone. Great things don’t come from comfort zones.
You cannot continue on the same path and arrive at a different destination. Make the choice to have your actions reflect your goals.
The speed of your success is limited only by your dedication and what you're willing to sacrifice
Stop just cheering for others who are living their visions. Commit yourself to your own success and follow the steps required to achieve it.
You’ve got to be sure of yourself before You can ever win a prize.
Start shaping your own day. Start walking your own walk. This journey is yours, take charge of it. Stop giving other people the power to shape your life.
When God takes out the trash, don't go digging back through it. Trust Him.
Don't tie your success to anything other than what's inside you
In theory, the risk of business failure can be reduced to a number, the probability of failure multiplied by the cost of failure. Sure, this turns out to be a subjective analysis, but in the process your own attitudes toward financial risk and reward are revealed.  By contrast, personal risk usually defies quantification. It's a matter of values and priorities, an expression of who you are. "Playing it safe" may simply mean you do not weigh heavily the compromises inherent in the status quo. The financial rewards of the moment may fully compensate you for the loss of time and fulfillment. Or maybe you just don't think about it. On the other hand, if time and satisfaction are precious, truly priceless, you will find the cost of business failure, so long as it does not put in peril the well-being of you or your family, pales in comparison with the personal risks of no trying to live the life you want today.  Considering personal risk forces us to define personal success. We may well discover that the business failure we avoid and the business success we strive for do not lead us to personal success at all. Most of us have inherited notions of "success" from someone else or have arrived at these notions by facing a seemingly endless line of hurdles extending from grade school through college and into our careers. We constantly judge ourselves against criteria that others have set and rank ourselves against others in their game. Personal goals, on the other hand, leave us on our own, without this habit of useless measurement and comparison.  Only the Whole Life Plan leads to personal success. It has the greatest chance of providing satisfaction and contentment that one can take to the grave, tomorrow. In the Deferred Life Plan there will always be another prize to covet, another distraction, a new hunger to sate. You will forever come up short.
If you think someone or something other than yourself is responsible for your happiness or success, I'd guess you're not that happy or successful.
A lack of clarity could put the brakes on any journey to success.
There is nothing worse for the lying soul than the mirror of reality.
Let today be the day you stop having conflict between your actions and your goals and finally align your greatest intent with your purposeful actions, creating a universal symphony serenading your success!
When you truly embrace your human impermanence you connect with the power you have, and influence you have, over the time you have.
Too much action with too little intent makes for wasteful exertion of energy and the confusion between movement and progress.
With ordinary talent and extraordinary perseverance, all things are attainable
Success is the best revenge.
Whether you try too hard to fit in or you try too hard to stand out, it is of equal consequence: you exhaust your significance.
I don't do that kind of negativity. If you put your energy into thinking about how much the fall would hurt, you're already halfway down.
Who is willing to be satisfied with a job that expresses all his limitations? He will accept such work only as a 'means of livelihood' while he waits to discover his 'true vocation'. The world is full of unsuccessful businessmen who still secretly believe they were meant to be artists or writers or actors in the movies.
You have to be uncomfortable in order to be successful, in some ways. If you stay in your comfort zone! You would never do the things that you need to do.
There is no tomorrow and there was no yesterday; if you truly want to accomplish your goals you must engulf yourself in today.
They say you should know your limits and work within them. But how can you really know your limits unless you try to expand them?
You need mountains, long staircases don't make good hikers.
If you want good luck; you must go out there and search for that luck!! Because luck is waiting for you to look for it.
An average man is egoistic, proud and has strong self esteem. They always require partners who massage their ego not those who will drag their ego to the mud.
I will eliminate hatred, envy, jealousy, selfishness, and cynicism, by developing love for all humanity, because I know that a negative attitude toward others can never bring me success. I will cause others to believe in me, because I will believe in them, and in myself.
Accepting personal responsibility for your life frees you from outside influences – increases your self-esteem – boosts confidence in your ability to decisions – and ultimately leads to achieve success in life.
Like poetry, fashion does not state anything. It merely suggests
The secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes.
Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get.
Although goals are important, having a plan of action is vital to the success of those goals. Having a goal with no plan of action is like wanting to travel to a new destination without having a map.
The way to wealth is as plain as the way to market. It depends chiefly on two words, industry and frugality: that is, waste neither time nor money, but make the best use of both. Without industry and frugality nothing will do, and with them everything.
The road to success is always under construction.
Free yourself from the inauthenticity and disempowerment of your story.
I believe that anyone can be successful in life, regardless of natural talent or the environment within which we live. This is not based on measuring success by human competitiveness for wealth, possessions, influence, and fame, but adhering to God's standards of truth, justice, humility, service, compassion, forgiveness, and love.
The difference between Success and failure is not giving up.
No matter how dim the light filtering through the trees is, you can still try your best to grasp it. -Kaien Cross
Life's trials will test you, and shape you, but don’t let them change who you are.” ~ Aaron Lauritsen, ‘100 Days Drive
Success can be defined in many ways but failure in only one ... quitting!
Failure is always an option
No matter what the cause, God is only as willing as you are.
Action is the universal language of success.
If at first you don't succeed, remove all evidence you ever tried.
It's not always that we need to do more but rather that we need to focus on less.
Do not get obsolete like an old technology, keep innovating yourself.
Success to me is being happy, truly fulfilled, being proud of myself, and doing different things all the time.
It is said we learn more from our failures than our successes.
Prepare yourself for success. You have to see it coming to get there.
Many people succeed when others do not believe in them. But rarely does a person succeed when he does not believe in himself.
Now I know what success is: living your truth, sharing it.
The number of ways to live in one lifetime is limitless. So why limit yourself?
I have some advice for the young generation who are wanting to become successful in life: become more grateful. Once you do that, Allah says, "If you are grateful, I will surely increase you (in everything)." If you're having a hard time in math, science, language and whatever else, become grateful to Allah and He will open doors for you. You'll even get better at basketball and become more athletic. I pray that Allah makes you grateful young people who are examples for others all over the world, ameen.
Society functions in a way much more interesting than the multiple-choice pattern we have been rewarded for succeeding at in school. Success in life comes not from the ability to choose between the four presented answers, but from the rather more difficult and painfully acquired ability to formulate the questions.
The greatest love stories are not those in which love is only spoken, but those in which it is acted upon.
Do not dilute the truth of your potential. We often convince ourselves that we cannot change, that we cannot overcome the circumstances of our lives. That is simply not true. You have been blessed with immeasurable power to make positive changes in your life. But you can't just wish it, you can't just hope it, you can't just want it... you have to LIVE it, BE it, DO it.
I don't know where this pressure came from. I can't blame my parents because it has always felt internal. Like any other parent, my mother celebrated the A grades and the less-than-A grades she felt there was no need to tell anybody about. But not acknowledging the effort that ended in a less than perfect result impacted me as a child. If I didn't win, then we wouldn't tell anyone that I had even competed to save us the embarrassment of acknowledging that someone else was better. Keeping the secret made me think that losing was something to be ashamed of, and that unless I was sure I was going to be the champion there was no point in trying. And there was certainly no point to just having fun.
It's no use saying, "We are doing our best." You have got to succeed in doing what is necessary.
When you experience a negative circumstance or event, do not dwell on it. Be proactive — put your attention on what you need to do to bring the situation to a positive result.
Remember how far you’ve come, and you won’t have to rely on a destiny for your future. It will come on your own.
What good has impatience ever brought? It has only served as the mother of mistakes and the father of irritation.
Success doesn't come to you; you go to it.
The French say you get hungry when you’re eating, and I get inspired when I’m working. It’s my engine
You measure the size of the accomplishment by the obstacles you have to overcome to reach your goals.
If at first you don’t succeed, you’re doing it wrong. Learn from the experience. Try again, but with a different approach.
When you are just EXISTING, life happens to you… and you manage; when you are truly LIVING, you happen to life… and you lead.
Success has always been the greatest liar - and the "work" itself is a success; the great statesman, the conqueror, the discoverer is disguised by his creations, often beyond recognition; the "work," whether of the artist or the philosopher, invents the man who has created it, who is supposed to have create it; "great men," as they are venerated, are subsequent pieces of wretched minor fiction
There are no environments where you're only going to win, because life just isn't like that.
Many times in life, we are held back from achieving our goals because we do not commit ourselves wholeheartedly. With an escape route in mind, we hold ourselves back from giving our all.
This moment is yours and yours alone! Take charge, seize this moment and allow it to propel you to the high levels of an empowered life. Allow upon this fertile moment to be planted the seeds of your happiness and success.
The people we consider successful in our society are all people that seize every moment and make the best of each situation.
It is important that when we make a resolution, or establish a goal, that we take the ACTION necessary to accomplish that goal.
Success and failure, ultimately, have little to do with living the gospel. Jesus just stood with the outcasts until they were welcomed or until he was crucified — whichever came first.
If at first you don't succeed, lower you expectations
to be successful, you have to be out there, you have to hit the ground running
In a situation of manipulation, the Left is almost always tempted by a “quick return to power,” forgets the necessity of joining with the oppressed to forge an organization, and strays into an impossible “dialogue” with the dominant elites. It ends by being manipulated by these elites, and not infrequently itself falls in an elitist game, which it calls “realism.”  Manipulation, like the conquest whose objectives it serves, attempts to anesthetize the people so they will not think. For if the people join to their presence in the historical process critical thinking about that process, the threat of their emergence materializes in revolution…One of the methods of manipulation is to inoculate individuals with the bourgeois appetite for personal success. This manipulation is sometimes carried out directly by the elites and sometimes indirectly, through populist leaders.
The success of my rule does not rely on my ability to recite obscure Latin verse.
There's no talent here, this is hard work. This is an obsession. Talent does not exist, we are all equals as human beings. You could be anyone if you put in the time. You will reach the top, and that's that. I am not talented. I am obsessed.
You must learn from your past mistakes, but not lean on your past successes.
Success in this world depends on knowing exactly how little effort each job is worth...distribution of energy...
Stunt dwarf or destroy the imagination of a child and you have taken away its chances of success in life. Imagination transforms the commonplace into the great and creates the new out of the old.
There will be times in your life when things simply have to be replaced because they are tired, broken, worn out, harmful, outdated, or irrelevant. Take an inventory of the things that no longer serve your best and highest good so you can replace them with things which do.
Eighty percent of success is just showing up.
Stop trying to 'fix' yourself; you're NOT broken! You are perfectly imperfect and powerful beyond measure.
We have forty million reasons for failure, but not a single excuse.
The more you can have control over your ego rather than let it run amuck, the more successful you’ll be in all areas of life.
The empowered woman is powerful beyond measure and beautiful beyond description.
Whatever your passion is, keep doing it. Don't waste time chasing after success or comparing yourself to others. Every flower blooms at a different pace. Excel at doing what your passion is and only focus on perfecting it. Eventually people will see what you are great at doing, and if you are truly great, success will come chasing after you.
A confident woman wears a smile and has this air of comfortability and pleasantness about her.
You were born a winner, a warrior, one who defied the odds by surviving the most gruesome battle of them all - the race to the egg. And now that you are a giant, why do you even doubt victory against smaller numbers and wider margins? The only walls that exist are those you have placed in your mind. And whatever obstacles you conceive, exist only because you have forgotten what you have already achieved.
Whenever you should doubt your self-worth, remember the lotus flower. Even though it plunges to life from beneath the mud, it does not allow the dirt that surrounds it to affect its growth or beauty.
You become what you think about
Luck is a word the bitter teach to the ignorant.
Notice the difference between being in control and needing control.
If there were a master of stupidity in this world,  I would really love to listen to his success story.
Challenges in life can either enrich you or poison you. You are the one who decides.
Everything is easier said than done. Wanting something is easy. Saying something is easy. The challenge and the reward are in the doing.
Before the fruits of prosperity can come, the storms of life need to first bring the required rains of testing, which mixes with the seeds of wisdom to produce a mature harvest.
A person who makes few mistakes makes little progress.
While others were dreaming about it - I was getting it done.
If you can transcend from the dark rut of disempowered thinking to the bright light of an empowered agreement with reality, you will see opportunities not barriers. You will see the finish line, not the hurdles.
Believe in yourself. Under-confidence leads to a self-fulfilling prophecy that you are not good enough for your work.
Your success and happiness lies in you. Resolve to keep happy, and your joy and you shall form an invincible host against difficulties.
The possibility of the dream gives strength.
Every beginner possesses a great potential to be an expert in his or her chosen field.
You‘ve been given the innate power to shape your life.
You would not be here TODAY if YESTERDAY was your defining moment. LIVE THIS DAY and move towards your dreams.
Without being push to the wall, we will have remained in our comfortable zone. But this circumstance challenges us to find the courage to move on.
Never mind those failures till yesterday. Each new day is a sequel of a wonderful life; gifted with hopes to succeed.
You think intelligence and grit can succeed by themselves, but I'm telling you that's a pretty illusion.
There is little success where there is little laughter.
Remember, results aren't the criteria for success — it's the effort made for achievement that is most important.
It is safer to search in the maze than to remain in a cheeseless situation
Sure I am this day we are masters of our fate, that the task which has been set before us is not above our strength; that its pangs and toils are not beyond our endurance. As long as we have faith in our own cause and an unconquerable will to win, victory will not be denied us.
Sometimes we have to soak ourselves in the tears and fears of the past to water our future gardens.
To be successful, one has to be one of three bees - the queen bee, the hardest working bee, or the bee that does not fit in.
You have to take your own bold approach, and if you do you will be rewarded with success.  Or calamitous failure. That can happen too.
A real decision is measured by the fact that you've taken a new action. If there's no action, you haven't truly decided.
There are many people, particularly in sports, who think that success and excellence are the same thing. They are not the same thing. Excellence is something that is lasting and dependable and largely within a person's control. In contrast, success is perishable and is often outside our control. If you strive for excellence, you will probably be successful eventually. People who put excellence in the first place have the patience to end up with success. An additional burden for the victim of the success mentality is that he is threatened by the success of others and he resents real excellence. In contrast, the person that is fascinated by quality is excited when he sees it in others.
If you have to ask if you’ve done enough, you haven’t. Each day brings with it the opportunity to do more than you did yesterday.
Every flower blooms at a different pace.
Once you can write an alphabet, you can write a book of 100 million pages. It's just a matter of believing it as possible, and taking the cross millimetre by millimetre.
There is no secret ingredient
Powerful words come with powerful intent. Where you have passion, strength, courage, and determination you can accomplish anything!
Recognize that throughout this beautiful day,you have an incredible amount of opportunities to move your life into the direction you want it to go.
Each day gives the opportunity for you to be treated right, to feel worthy, and to be successful. It’s a choice you have to make, a faith you have to embrace, and a standard you have to set.
Living as we do in an age of noise and bluster, success is now measured accordingly. We must all be seen, and heard, and on the air.
Intent without dedicated action is simply not enough. Action without a clear intent is a waste. It is when these two powerful forces are aligned that the energy of the universe conspires in your favor.
The time has come to harness the blessed power within us and to use it to transcend from our current existence into a more empowered reality.
If you have money, power, and status today, it is due to the century and place in which you were born, to your talents and capacities and health, none of which you earned. In short, all your resources are in the end the gift of God.
Should-haves solve nothing. It's the next thing to happen that needs thinking about.
You are the point of origin for everything in your world: you set the standard for yourself.
If you want to be successful, you must respect one rule. NEVER TO LIE TO YOURSELF.
practice only envisioning yourself at the finish line and be unrelenting and fervent in racing towards that finish line. Undue preoccupation and fixation with the how's, whens, and what ifs will not only derail and further distance you from your destination, but will also feed your mind with those fatal seeds of doubt that make failure inevitable" ~ Awaken and Unleash your Victor
Where would his torture be, indeed, if at every step the hope of succeeding upheld him?
We need more than just the Law of Attraction. We need to connect with its more successful twin, the Law of Generosity. And further entwine ourselves with their parent; the Law of Love.
From this point forward, you don’t even know how to quit in life.” ~ Aaron Lauritsen, ‘100 Days Drive
It is not enough to be busy; so are the ants. The question is: What are we busy about?
Success sometimes may be defined as a disaster put on hold. Qualified. Has to be.
I tell you, life is extraordinary. A few years ago I couldn’t write anything or sell anything, I’d passed the age where you know all the returns are in, I’d had my chance and done my best and failed. And how was I to know the miracle waiting to happen round the corner in late middle age? 84, Charing Cross Road was no best seller, you understand; it didn’t make me rich or famous. It just got me hundreds of letters and phone calls from people I never knew existed; it got me wonderful reviews; it restored a self-confidence and self-esteem I’d lost somewhere along the way, God knows how many years ago. It brought me to England. It changed my life.
Creativity is the brain's invisible muscle -- that when used and excercised routinely -- becomes better and stronger.
The power behind taking responsibility for your actions lies in putting an end to negative thought patterns. You no longer dwell on what went wrong or focus on whom you are going to blame. You don't waste time building roadblocks to your success. Instead, you are set free and can now focus on succeeding.
You don't believe that your friend could ever do anything great. You despise yourself in secret, even – no, especially – when you stand on your dignity; and since you despise yourself, you are unable to respect your friend. You can't bring yourself to believe that anyone you have sat at table with, or shared a house with, is capable of great achievement. That is why all great men have been solitary. It is hard to think in your company, little man. One can only think 'about' you, or 'for your benefit', not 'with' you, for you stifle all big, generous ideas.
I like Dancing of Indian girls more than my parents’ prayers . Because they dance with love and passion . But my parents just say their prayers because they got used to it .
Trustful people are the pure at heart, as they are moved by the zeal of their own trustworthiness.
Have you found someone to share your heart with? Are you giving to your community? Are you at peace with yourself? Are you trying to be as human as you can be?
At any given point you can release your greatest self. Don’t let anyone hold you back. Don’t let anyone dilute you. Don’t be peer pressured into being less than you are. People willing to dilute themselves for the sake of others is one of the great tragedies of our time. Stop letting others define and set the pace for your life. Get out there and be your best. Do your best. Live your best. Make every day count and you’ll see how exponentially more exciting, thrilling, successful, happy and full your life will be.
Some people talk about other people’s failures with so much pleasure that you would swear they are talking about their own successes.
if you gone come in second, you're just the first loser!
What is success? It is being able to go to bed each night with your soul at peace
It is true that success is the most boring thing, it is tinny and brittle, failure runs deeper. Success is dangerous. I have a very complicated relationship with that word.
How many of us stop short of success on purpose? How many of us sabotage our own happiness because failure, while miserable, is a fear we're familiar with? Success, however, dreams come true, are a whole new kind of terrifying, an entire new species of responsibilities and disillusions, requiring a new way to think, act and become. Why do we REALLY quit? Because it's hopeless? Or because it's possible...
Beware of those who are bitter, for they will never allow you to enjoy your fruit.
Forget about style; worry about results.
Using your talent, hobby or profession in a way that makes you contribute with something good to this world is truly the way to go.
You must immerse yourself in your work. You have to fall in love with your work … You must dedicate your life to mastering your skill. That’s the secret of success.
You cannot score a goal when you are sitting on the bench. To do so, you have to dress up and enter the game.
Her failure was a useful preliminary to success.
It's not always what we don't know that gets in our way; sometimes it's what we think we know that keeps us from learning.
He shrugged his shoulders to shift the pain of failure---the pain that is so much greater than the pleasure of success.
Success is that old ABC - ability, breaks and courage.
Those who are truly grateful are deeply moved by the privilege of living.
The logic of worldly success rests on a fallacy: the strange error that our perfection depends on the thoughts and opinions and applause of other men!
One often has to do what they have to do in order to do what they want to do; however if you only do what you want to do then you will never do what you have to do!
FOCUS = Follow On Course Until Successful.
Los Angeles is a town where status is all and status is only given to success. Dukes and millionaires and playboys by the dozen may arrive and be glad-handed for a time, but they are unwise if they choose to live there because the town is, perhaps even creditably, committed to recognising only professional success, and nothing else, to be of lasting value. The burdensome obligation imposed on all its inhabitants is therefore to present themselves as successes, because otherwise they forfeit their right to respect in that environment ... There is no place in that town for the "interesting failure" or for anyone who is not determined on a life that will be shaped in a upward-heading curve.
Racing is about discipline and intelligence, not about who has the heavier foot. The one who drives smart will always win in the end.
5 Ways To Build Your Brand on Social Media:  1 Post content that add value 2 Spread positivity 3 Create steady stream of info 4 Make an impact 5 Be yourself
Optimists move through life with a happy exterior. What happens on the inside shows up on the outside.
Success, for most people, requires unlearning as much as learning.
With sticky thinking you can become unstuck!
To get what you want, you have to deserve what you want. The world is not yet a crazy enough place to reward a whole bunch of undeserving people.
The universe doesn't give you what you want in your mind; it gives you what you demand with your actions.
No human ever became interesting by not failing. The more you fail and recover and improve, the better you are as a person. Ever meet someone who’s ALWAYS had EVERYTHING work out for them with ZERO struggle? They usually have the depth of a puddle. Or they don’t exist.
To turn your dreams into reality, all your resources, efforts and concentration should be aligned in the same direction.
Success isn't a result of spontaneous combustion. You must set yourself on fire.
Quitting is never an option on the road to success. Find the way forward. If you have a positive mindset and are willing to persevere, there is little that is beyond your reach. The attitude of being ready to work even in the face of challenges and despite odds is what will make all the difference in your life.
The only walls that exist are those you have placed in your mind. And whatever obstacles you conceive, exist only because you have forgotten what you have already achieved.
6 Ways To Give Your Mind A Break:  1. Stop stressing 2. Stop worrying 3. Give rest to the problems weighing you down 4. Lighten up 5. Forgive yourself 6. Forgive others
When you give appreciation IN ORDER TO get something– it's manipulation and people can sense it. Appreciate genuinely.
You have had a dream for so many years. Let today be the day you make a plan for it. Just think about how much more likely you are to hit your target when you finally aim at it.
Before I ever knew what the word Entrepeneur was, I realized in America and in the Western part of the world in general, you are given the opportunity to be whatever you want to be. And that is all anyone should ever expect from the Capitalist system. The rest is up to you.  It's up to you to educate yourself.  It's up to you to learn speaking skills and people skills.  It's up to you to try (and usually fail, but to try again) all sorts of ventures.  The rest is a combination of hard work, being at the right place ...at the right time...with the right thing...oh yes...and more (never ending) hard work.
Without struggle, success has no value.
Isana felt her throat tighten.  "We failed." Serai lifted her chin and patted Isana's arm firmly. "We have not yet succeeded. There is a difference.
Once you figure out what you want in life—expect nothing less.
The elegance under pressure is the result of fearlessness.
When your intentions are pure, so too will be your success.
Once you understand how powerful you are within, you exponentially increase the power and potentiality of everything outside of you.
I dont write books so that you can be fascinated with me. I write them so you can be fascinated with YOU!
The key to flow is to pursue an activity for its own sake, not for the rewards it brings.
If we are looking for insurance against want and oppression, we will find it only in our neighbors' prosperity and goodwill and, beyond that, in the good health of our worldly places, our homelands. If we were sincerely looking for a place of safety, for real security and success, then we would begin to turn to our communities - and not the communities simply of our human neighbors but also of the water, earth, and air, the plants and animals, all the creatures with whom our local life is shared. (pg. 59, "Racism and the Economy")
Success is not determined by the outcome. The outcome is the result of having already decided that you are successful to begin with.
It's impossible to walk through solid rock... You have to walk between the molecules that make up the rock.
That is why enemies can be great motivators. They serve as fuel for your fire.
I suppose the secret of his success is in his tremendous idleness which almost approaches the supernatural.
Do the best you can, with what you can, while you can, and success in inevitable.
We can’t continuously be a society of well-wishers. We must take action to bring those wishes to fruition.
Dear Fellow Human Being,  You are born wild, You do not deserve to be tamed!  Tell yourself,  You do not deserve this!  All those toxic words you have to listen from people,  All those fears they try to pin on your mind,  All those giggles they aim at your dreams,  All those judgmental stares inspecting your individuality,  All those fingers pointing towards your crude character,  All those shackles that tie your feet to social expectations,  All those cages that do not let your imagination fly free,  Listen deeply, you do not deserve any of it.  My dear fellow human, you do not deserve this hostility.  You are born wild, You do not deserve to be tamed!
Success is something you experience when you act accordingly. Success is not something you have, it’s something you do.
Discovering While Doing Is Natural... But,Doing Immediately After Discovering Is The Attitude of Winners!
Sometimes I feel proud of myself, not because of any success I’ve achieved, but because I’m aware of all the difficulties that I have suffered or went through.  I’m an eyewitness at all the fear, weakness, frustration, failure, depression, refraction and bad luck moments that I’ve been through alone and which affected significantly but never was able to beat me for so long.  This is why I’m proud, because I’m here now stronger that yesterday, I'm still able to stand and continue on my way, still following up my dreams, still trying my best to build better future for me and my family and I will never ever give up!
Happiness is something we reap from the seeds we sow. Plant misery seeds and that us what you reap.
We live in a system that espouses merit, equality, and a level playing field, but exalts those with wealth, power, and celebrity, however gained.
Don't wait for other people to be loving, giving, compassionate, grateful, forgiving, generous, or friendly... lead the way!
Stop waiting for the perfect day or the perfect moment... Take THIS day, THIS moment and lead it to perfection.
What I have achieved by industry and practice, anyone else with tolerable natural gift and ability can also achieve.
Never underestimate the power you have to take your life in a new direction.
Dream your dream; and realize that you are more than just the dreamer, you are the point of origin for its reality.
How to win in life: 1 work hard  2 complain less  3 listen more  4 try, learn, grow 5 don't let people tell you it cant be done 6 make no excuses
Rich will be my life if I  can keep my memories full  and brimming, and record  them on clear-eyed  mornings while I set  joyously to work setting  pen to holy craft.
Have more humility. Remember you don't know the limits of your own abilities. Successful or not, if you keep pushing beyond yourself, you will enrich your own life – and maybe even please a few strangers.
Hope and faith goes hand-in-hand, because without hope there is no faith. The same goes with want and needs, without any wants, there no need to have a need
No man can be a failure if he thinks he's a success; If he thinks he is a winner, then he is.
Never allow your desires to lead you away from God; allow nothing else to control you other than God and His Word. No matter what you see or pass through, don’t allow them to define you.
Success does not consist in never making blunders, but in never making the same one a second time.
Even if you are on the right track, but just sit there, you will still get run over.
Patience is a virtue not a vice.
For me, Chanel is like music. There are certain notes and you have to make another tune with them
Our moral economy went bankrupt long before our financial one.
If you have a success you have it for the wrong reasons. If you become popular it is always because of the worst aspects of your work.
When we give ourselves permission to fail..we at the same time, give ourselves permission to excel.
If you didn't earn something, it's not worth flaunting.
It is wise to keep in mind that neither success nor failure is ever final.
It is in the balancing of your spirituality with your humanity that you will find immeasurable happiness, success, good health, and love.
An empowered life begins with serious personal questions about oneself. Those answers bare the seeds of success.
Do not let your good ideas to spend your brain energy, do it with all the effort because the shadow of the success can become a reality only with hard work.
If you won’t trust yourself, nobody else will.
Big things begin with big thinking.
Don't be in a hurry to achieve your dreams. Take a day to play with your kids and relax - your dreams will still be there tomorrow.
We cannot reach the pinnacle except by taking advantage of the abilities we have and acquiring those that we do not.
Some people only dream of success… while others wake up and use Cosmic Ordering.
Never allow the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game!
To become a master at any skill, it takes the total effort of your: heart, mind, and soul working together in tandem.
Success teaches us nothing; only failure teaches.
Success is not what you have done compared to what others have done. Success is what you have done compared to what you were supposed to do.
Success goes to the ones who do. Get up. Show up. Throw up if you have to. Do it afraid, but do it no matter.
How we feel is not who we are. We might feel like failures, but as long as we are still trying, we are not failures. We are works in progress.
An intelligent woman is a goldmine! She has the ability to learn, reason and understand things better and faster than her contemporaries. She is competent, alert and can reason out stuffs easily.
For the rest of history, for most of us, our bright promise will always fall short of being actualised; it will never earn us bountiful sums of money or beget exemplary objects or organisations....  Most of us stand poised at the edge of brilliance, haunted by the knowledge of our proximity, yet still demonstrably on the wrong side of the line, our dealings with reality undermined by a range of minor yet critical psychological flaws (a little too much optimism, an unprocessed rebelliousness, a fatal impatience or sentimentality). We are like an exquisite high-speed aircraft which for lack of a tiny part is left stranded beside the runway, rendered slower than a tractor or a bicycle.
When we fail, our pride supports us, and when we succeed it betrays us.
Some of the most powerful speeches I have given have been delivered in the dedicated silence of my actions.
If life throws you a few bad notes or vibrations, don't let them interrupt or alter your song.
Know what you want and reach out eagerly for it.
Do not let your grand ambitions stand in the way of small but meaningful accomplishments.
Nothing that happens to you was meant to be. The only thing about you that was meant to be is you. Blaze your own trail.
The key ingredient to any kind of happiness or success is to never give less than your best
I am not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday, I have today and I know Him who holds tomorrow so I know tomorrow will be beautiful for me.
Timing, perseverance, and ten years of trying will eventually make you look like an overnight success.
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavour.
How much you can learn when you fail determines how far you will go into achieving your goals.
Life is a web of intersections and choices. Your 1st choice is to recognize an intersection. Your 2nd choice is to be grateful for it.
The condition and characteristic of an uninstructed person is this: he never expects from himself profit (advantage) nor harm, but from externals. The condition and characteristic of a philosopher is this: he expects all advantage and all harm from himself.
Before you were born, and were still too tiny for the human eye to see, you won the race for life from among 250 million competitors. And yet, how fast you have forgotten your strength, when your very existence is proof of your greatness.
success awaits those who steadfastly commit to any requisite sacrifice
The word "seek" is a verb. Are you treating it as such in your life? If you seek change, success, or love, DO it - BE it!
How would your life be different if...you had a plan of action towards your goals? Let today be the day...You stop allowing your days to be stolen by busy nothingness and take calculated steps towards your goals.
If your failure is not a lesson, it's indeed a failure.
Credentials are like potential energy, the compliments of a name on paper, in documents, word of mouth, but faith is like kinetic energy, the motion and the force that which is witnessed. Hence in the end it is the faith rather than the credentials that really takes you places.
Some people dream of SUCCESS while other wake up and work hard at it.
And for all those years, we never talked about the disaster at the recital or my terrible accusations afterward at the piano bench. All that remained unchecked, like a betrayal that was now unbreakable. So I never found a way to ask her why she had hoped something so large that failure was inevitable. And even worse, I never asked her what frightened me the most: Why had she given up hope?
Success is not to discover what others like, it is to acquire and practise the skills that help one gain their love.
If you find yourself drawn to an event against all logic, go. The universe is telling you something.
Do you wait for things to happen, or do you make them happen yourself? I believe in writing your own story.
All men who have achieved great things have been great dreamers.
Opportunity doesn't make appointments, you have to be ready when it arrives.
The fishing is best where the fewest go and the collective insecurity of the world makes it easy for people to hit home runs while everyone is aiming for base hits.
Beware of those who criticize you when you deserve some praise for an achievement, for it is they who secretly desire to be worshiped.
Separate yourself from those who hinder your vision. Make a choice to walk away from the trap set to ensnare you. Realize when someone is pulling you backwards every time you take a step forward. Separate from them and the result of your action will be a life of success.
Reconnect with the highest truth and ignite the divine sparks in you.
If the fire in your heart is strong enough, it will burn away any obstacles that come your way.
Encouragement is like water to the soul, it makes everything grow.
Don't try to follow trends. Create them.
A dream is a seed. Vision plants it. Imagination nurtures growth. Opportunities create blooms. Thoughts become things!
Formal education and current position can define your worthiness. What makes you extraordinary is defined by your attitude towards others.
Every achievement is a servitude. It compels us to a higher achievement.
Marriage is the union of two 'I's to form a 'V'. Both 'I's have to tilt equally to make a good 'V'. 'I's standing tall can never make a 'V'.
We're all to driven by materialism. Obsessed with success. With money. With trying to impress people who'll never be impressed.
Some people have just rented your body to live in it for sometime and depart. Others consider you as a permanent residence to dwell in forever. Which ever, you must remember to accommodate all those who want to be accommodated. Be each other's keeper
A master in the art of living draws no sharp distinction between her work and her play; her labor and her leisure; her mind and her body; her education and her recreation. She hardly knows which is which. She simply pursues her vision of excellence through whatever she is doing, and leaves others to determine if she is working or playing. To herself, she always appears to be doing both.
Success and failure come and go, but don't let them define you. It's who you are that matters.
Success is assured when a person fears the pain of regret more than the pain of the process.
The choice to make good choices is the best choice you can choose. Fail to make that choice and on most choices you will lose.
Do you know where your breakthrough begins? Your breakthrough begins where your excuses ends.
As an Odd-Fish, it is not my job to be right,' said Sir Oort. 'It is my job to be wrong in new and exciting ways.
As much as I would really like to have saved myself heartache, embarrassment or gossip, I also know that my biggest mistakes have turned into my best lessons. And sometimes my greatest career triumphs. If my life had been turbulence-free, maybe my music would be beige, maybe the stadiums wouldn’t be full and the mantle would be a little more empty.
If you always do what is easy and choose the path of least resistance, you never step outside your comfort zone. Great things don’t come from comfort zones.
But in the military you don't get trusted positions just because of your ability. You also have to attract the notice of superior officers. You have to be liked. You have to fit in with the system. You have to look like what the officers above you think that officers should look like. You have to think in ways that they are comfortable with.  The result was that you ended up with a command structure that was top-heavy with guys who looked good in uniform and talked right and did well enough not to embarrass themselves, while the really good ones quietly did all the serious work and bailed out their superiors and got blamed for errors they had advised against until they eventually got out.  That was the military.
Be aware that how you feel has a direct impact on your thinking process. When we set standards for ourselves they seem objective, but standards and goal-setting are totally subjective and personal." From The Biology of Success.
No amount of reading or memorizing will make you successful in life. It is the understanding and application of wise thought that counts." -Bob Proctor
Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world.
Unbreakable, would you thought they called me Mr. Glass Look back on my life like the ghost of Christmas past Toys R Us where I used to spend that Christmas cash And I still won't grow up, I'm a grown ass kid Swear I should be locked up for stupid shit that I did But I'm a champion, so I turned tragedy to triumph Make music that's fire, spit my soul through the wire
Happy people produce. Bored people consume.
No matter how small you start, always dream big.
Fortunate are those who take the first steps.
So, I must be taken as I have been made. The success is not mine, the failure is not mine, but the two together make me.
Stuff your brain with knowledge.
It may take little time to get where you want to be, but if you pause and think for a moment, you will notice that you are no longer where you were. Do not stop—keep going.
Any fool can hope when success lies plainly in view. It wants genuine strength to hope when matters are hopeless.
There is a difference between talented people and gifted people.Talented people are good AT something; Gifted people ARE that something.
My dreams are worthless, my plans are dust, my goals are impossible.  All are of no value unless they are followed by action.
Success is a decision, not a gift.
Don't nourish your fears more than you nourish your hopes.
No one can take the shot for you.
Your environment will eat your goals and plans for breakfast.
Success is realising the true joy and wonder of life can only be yours if you follow your own intuition, aiming to achieve your bliss.
Nothing makes a person desire improvement like failure
A knock down has never been a knockout unless you allow it.
Get out of your own way… stop the paralysis by analysis… decide what you want, create a simple plan, and get moving!
For some people, their fear to lose is greater than their desire to succeed, so they end up doing nothing and their dreams become impossible.
I believe that everyone should have a dream and believe in it. Make it real, bring it to life. You'll never regret trying. Trying is what strengthens your heart and delivers courage. Once you believe in yourself, nothing can stop you.
Imagine in vibrant, wonderful detail your heart’s desire—a reality only you can envision, an adventure only you can direct. Then cradle your creation. Caress it. Mold it. Coddle it until it comes to life. And when your precious treasure grows so grand as to steal your breath away, set it free for all the world to experience. For that is how you live your dreams.
Ambition is not what a man would do, but what a man does, for ambition without action is fantasy.
The really essential factors of success in any undertaking are money and opportunity, and as a rule, the man who can make the first can make the second.
Don`t allow ignorance to further enslave your destiny.
Doubts in your mind are a much greater roadblock to success than obstacles on the journey.
While spirituality provides an efficient and endless fuel for your mind and body, you must burn that fuel with human action towards your goals, dreams, and desires.
When the awareness of what is achievable brushes your life, your journey has begun.
Nothing succeeds like success.
And the thing is, we can’t fail. We’ve already hit the bottom and come out of it. From here on out, if we just love and listen, we can’t go wrong, babe.
The disempowered mind believes dreams come true; the empowered mind knows you bring your dreams to life.
Those who reach for the Sun, usually drop the world.
That some achieve great success, is proof to all that others can achieve it as well.
Why be a man when you can be a success.
A life fueled by passions is like riding on the back of a dragon.
We all have our youthful follies, embarassing to recall -- but people somehow find it hard to dismiss as a youthful folly anything that has happened to be a financial success.
When you know you can do something, and you feel good about yourself, you do not have to devalue others.
In order to grow, I promise you'll have to let go of some habits. 10 times out of 10, they'll be the habits you're most in love with.
This is an inevitable and easily recognizable stage in every revolutionary movement: reformers must expect to be disowned by those who are only too happy to enjoy what has been won for them.
The grandest ambition that any man can possibly have, is to so live, and so improve himself in heart and brain, as to be worthy of the love of some splendid woman; and the grandest ambition of any girl is to make herself worthy of the love and adoration of some magnificent man. That is my idea. There is no success in life without love and marriage. <b>You had better be the emperor of one loving and tender heart, and she the empress of yours, than to be king of the world. The man who has really won the love of one good woman in this world, I do not care if he dies in the ditch a beggar, his life has been a success</b>.
If you can show people how to build castles, make sure you do not neglect building and nurturing your own.
If you want to be truly successful invest in yourself to get the knowledge you need to find your unique factor. When you find it and focus on it and persevere your success will blossom.
Momentum builds success.
Get off the treadmill of consumption, replication, and mediocrity. Begin lifting the weights of creativity, originality, and success.
I'm happy for all who reached for the stars happily and successfully.
Reconnect to what makes you happy and brings you Joy. If there is something that used to make you happy which you have stopped doing, do it again. Seek to find deeper meaning and significance rather than living on the surface.
The way into the hall of success always passes through the chamber of decision. Decide to be a success; success is deliberate!
Plant your tiny seeds and keep watering them every day. Soon, they’ll grow.
A failure establishes only this, that our determination to succeed was not strong enough.
It's better to dare to dream big and achieve half of your dreams than to dream small dreams and achieve all
I'd rather strive for the kind of interview where instead of me asking to introduce myself to society, society asks me to introduce myself to society.
Don’t grieve when people fail to recognize your ability. Grieve for your lack of ability instead.
With adequate planning, passion and perseverance, you can achieve the God-given goals.
There's sometimes a tugging feeling you get to push further when you aren't being challenged enough or when things get too comfortable.
When you encourage others, you boost their self-esteem, enhance their self-confidence, make them work harder, lift their spirits and make them successful in their endeavors. Encouragement goes straight to the heart and is always available. Be an encourager. Always.
Moving forward implies MOTION when in all actuality it may be simply standing STILL and seeing the salvation of the Lord.
The noble-minded worry about their lack of ability, not about people’s failure to recognize their ability.
Make plans for your new goals. And press towards achieving the goals with all your strength.
We should learn to smile as we fall,  So much so as when we have it all.
If a craftsman wants to do good work, he must first sharpen his tools.
Don't let your mind talk you out of your dreams, trick you into giving up; don't let your mind become the greatest obstacle to success. To get your mind on the right track, the rest will follow.
Failures are the stairs we climb to reach success.
Cultivate an optimistic mind, use your imagination, always consider alternatives, and dare to believe that you can make possible what others think is impossible.
Obstacles are necessary for success because in selling, as in all careers of importance, victory comes only after many struggles and countless defeats. Yet each struggle, each defeat, sharpens your skills and strengths, your courage and your endurance, your ability and your confidence and thus each obstacle is a comrade-in-arms forcing you to become better... or quit. Each rebuff is an opportunity to move forward; turn away from them, avoid them, and you throw away your future.
The true measure of a man is not what he dreams, but what he aspires to be; a dream is nothing without action. Whether one fails or succeeds is irrelevant; all that matters is that there was motion in his life. That alone affects the world.
My life changed the day I moved beyond just wishing for things and I started earning them. That is the day I learned that we don't get what we wish for, we get what we work for.
Success and failure are two edges of the same blade, two sides of the same coin. To fear one is to forever deny the possibility of the other.
The universe doesn’t give you what you ask for with your thoughts; it gives you what you demand with your actions. In essence, you don't get what you WANT, you get what you ARE.
Erase self-doubt by working to build your strengths instead of focusing on your weaknesses.
If one felt successful, there'd be so little incentive to be successful.
Love, as life, is a journey. Finding true love for the ever after is an amazing achievement.
Yes, a deep lesson from the postage stamp. It attaches itself to a moveable material, the envelope and gets going. A good relationship keeps you going forward; a bad one keeps you static. Attach yourself to someone who is also going forward and you will also get there.
Friendship is not by force but by choice. You can never please everybody, he who aims to please everybody will end up pleasing nobody.
Do ordinary things extraordinarily well.
Victory does not come to cowards;it comes to the brave ones.
Athletes who are able to stay completely focused in pursuit of their dreams are the ones that are most likely to become champions.
It's the place built out of Man's ceaseless failure to overcome himself. Out of Man's endless war against himself we build our successes as well as our failures. Making it the city of all cities most like Man himself— loneliest creation of all this very old poor earth.
Life may bring you to your knees; pray. Then GET UP and participate in the answer. BECOME the remedy! BE the solution!
It's not so much what you accomplish. But what's more important is how far you've come to accomplish what you have. Success is the measure of not mere achievement, but also how hard one had to work.
The more details, depth and thought you put into your ideas the more valuable they become.
God doesn't like it when we ask Him for the smallest things, dare to make your dream so big that He can conveniently fit into it and make your dream come true.
When a man finds this kind of woman, he will go all out for her knowing that she will not be a letdown.
Satisfaction in life doesn't jump on you, you work for it, you earn it. You will not sit in a place, fold your hands and expect to be satisfied with life.
What have you gained since you haven't prayed? What will you lose if you pray?
If all the world's a stage, I suggest you start performing at your best.
hard work + smart work = eye caching success, shortcut is not ever
Dont struggle for salary.. DO struggle for Success..
Destiny, Talent, Calling, purpose. each of us came with our Talents, Purpose and Calling. What you do with them is the summary of your life here on earth.
It is our action that determines the viability of our dream.
You cannot control the past but you have control over the life you build going forward.
The greatest reward for a man's failure is not necessarily the consequent success, but what he becomes by it.
Sometimes, you have to step into oblivion, in order to paint success.
We do not live to think, but, on the contrary, we think in order that we may succeed in surviving.
Two types of choices seem to me to have been crucial in tipping the outcomes [of the various societies' histories] towards success or failure: long-term planning and willingness to reconsider core values. On reflection we can also recognize the crucial role of these same two choices for the outcomes of our individual lives.
It was ironic, but when you scratched the surface, most successful men were working for one thing only--to retire--and the sooner the better. Whereas women were the complete opposite. She had never heard a woman say she was working so she could retire to a desert island or to live on a boat. It was probably, she thought, because most women didn't think they deserved to do nothing.
Whoever submits himself to a super-discipline can expect great triumphs.
Strength and success - they are above morality, above criticism. It seems, then, that it is not what you do, but how you do it and what you call it. Is there a check in men, deep in them, that stops or punishes? There doesn't seem to be. The only punishment is for failure. In effect no crime is committed unless a criminal is caught.
Becoming well known (at least among your prospects &amp; connections) is the most valuable element in the connection process.
Success nullifies. You then have to do it again, preferably differently
People who work in an environment where doing their best is recognized have a better chance of feeling good about their work.
When you’re busy, avoid taking the quickest action. Instead make the extra effort to truly serve the customer.
Success for a woman means absolute surrender, in whatever direction. Whether she paints a picture, or loves a man, there is no division of labor possible in her economy. To the attainment of any end worth living for, a symmetrical sacrifice of her nature is compulsory upon her.
In Paris, where raillery is so quick to throw emotion out the window, silence, in a roomful of clever people after a story, is the most flattering of all marks of success
It’s a shame how much artists have to bleed for people to enjoy their work.
If you are a success in life, there are places you must go and pay to be humiliated. It is an unwritten law that human beings must be tormented throughout their lives in one way or another. If you are fortunate enough to have risen to a social level where no one does it to you for free, then you must pay for the service.
Success is more a function of consistent common sense than it is of genius.
Success certainly isn’t achievement of popularity. Success in God’s kingdom is loving God, loving one another, and being faithful to what He’s called us to do.
Run wild and free like a waterfall
The futility of action does not absolve one from the failure to act. -
The goal of retirement is to live off your assets-not on them
the old maxim... "there are three things necessary to success in life--Impudence! Impudence! Impudence!
The way to be nothing is to do nothing
Ideas and philosophies have a shelf-life. They must be kept fresh and renewed or they will spoil. If left unattended, the same ideas and philosophies that once nourished you and helped you grow can poison you and make you sick. Become aware of new ideas that can refresh your way of life and be open to the fact that your old ideas and philosophies can work for you for some time, but when the shelf-life has passed, those ideas and philosophies could also harm you.
Sharing your success with others reveals your true humanity. Don't ever be afraid to open your heart to that practice. It has made all the world of difference to me.
Do an evening review at the end of the day to reflect on what went well, and what you'd do differently next time.
The person who makes a success of living is the one who sees his goal steadily and aims for it unswervingly. That is dedication.
You have had many successes, and you have earned the right to be respected.
I am learning, and I believe I shall do quite well.
One person's success doesn't take away from your own.
[T]he concern of man is not his future but his present, not the world but his soul. We must be just, we must strive, we must engage ourselves with the business of the world for our own sake, because through that, and through contemplation in equal measure, our soul is purified and brought closer to the divine. ... Thought and deed conjoined are crucial. ... The attempt must be made; the outcome is irrelevant. Right action is a pale material reflection of the divine, but reflection it is, nonetheless. Define your goal and exert reason to accomplish it by virtuous action; successs or failure is secondary.
To be successful, you must decide exactly what you want to accomplish, then resolve to pay the price to get it.
If you have time to whine then you have time to find solution.
Stop worrying about someone taking your spot. God already have it reserved. Do the work to get there and fill it!
There are three qualities that every individual must have to achieve success: a Monk’s patience, a Warrior’s courage, a Child’s imagination.
Go higher and higher, until it becomes impossible to bring you down, I wanna use a microscope to locate you, don't even dream of coming down.
Don't interpret anything too much. This is time waster number 1.
You know you made it, when your friends tell their friends that you are their friend.
You can be sure of succeeding in your attacks if you only attack places which are undefended.You can ensure the safety of your defense if you only hold positions that cannot be attacked.
If you drop your beliefs, you drop your success. God's mighty people begin to fall even as achievers when they begin to drop the beliefs they pursue at first.
It’s the ‘everyday’ experiences we encounter along the journey to who we wanna be that will define who we are when we get there.
Great losses are great lessons.
No matter what the industry you choose to ultimately invest all your time and energy in, be sure you're the owner, founder, and CEO. Remember, if you don't own it, you can't control it nor can you depend on it.
You know you made it, when people you know, tell people they know, that you know them.
Not every hen lay eggs. Not every hen that lays eggs gets them hatched. Not everyone born with greatness becomes as such. Go, hatch your eggs.
If you're always following the crowd, you will never truly know who you are. Walk your own path.
Sina jinsi. Nguzo ya maisha yangu ni historia ya maisha yangu. Historia ya maisha yangu ni urithi wa watu waliojifunza kusema hapana kwa ndiyo nyingi – waliojitolea vitu vingi katika maisha yao kunifikisha hapa nilipo leo – walionifundisha falsafa ya kushindwa si hiari. Siri ya mafanikio yangu ni kujitahidi kwa kadiri ya uwezo wangu wote; au 'pushing the envelope' kwa lugha ya kigeni.
A lot of people come up here and they thank Jesus for this award. I want you to know that no one had less to do with this award than Jesus. He didn't help me a bit. If it was up to him, Cesar Millan would be up here with that damn dog. So all I can say is, 'suck it, Jesus! This award is my God now'!
Real success is not rooted in positions, places or possessions, but in fulfilment of God's purposes for our lives.
For the grateful, there is no room for disappointment; Each moment offers life.
Even if you do nothing, say nothing and be nothing, there will still be many who will criticise you. It is much better to be criticised for success than be condemned for failures because success rids you of the many miseries of life.
Just as the bird needs wings to fly, a leader needs useful information to flow. Leaders learn.
The strength of every individual is the grace for great work.
Success is a choice; you choose it and work it out! Excellence is deliberate and so it is intentionally pursued. No successful person ever remained idle for success to knock his/her door for him/her
When I was small I felt like a Superhero as my father threw me up in the air. Now after reaching this success peak I unmask - Real Superhero made me Superhero!
Self determination is greatest will power.
People are successful because they think and act like successful people.
You only have to doze a moment, and all is lost. For ruin and salvation both have their source inside you.
Visionary decision-making happens at the intersection of intuition and logic.
don't read the success stories you will get message but read the failure stories you will get the ideas become successful
Success, like happiness, is a by-product, not a goal.
Well, if it can be thought, it can be done, a problem can be overcome,
One may not always know his purpose until his only option is to monopolize in what he truly excels at. He grows weary of hearing the answer 'no' time and time again, so he turns to and cultivates, monopolizes in his one talent which others cannot possibly subdue. Then, beyond the crowds of criticism and rejection, the right people recognize his talent - among them he finds his stage.
Be a King. Dare to be Different, dare to manifest your greatness.
Don't die without fulfilling your purpose.
Listen for the call of your destiny, and when it comes, release your plans and follow.
Every man has a specific skill, whether it is discovered or not, that more readily and naturally comes to him than it would to another, and his own should be sought and polished. He excels best in his niche - originality loses its authenticity in one's efforts to obtain originality.
INTENT reveals desire; ACTION reveals commitment.
God is never tired of bringing the sun out every morning, taking it in the evenings and bringing out the moon.
Dare to be different. Represent your maker well and you will forever abide in the beautiful embrace of his loving arms.
Your words are powerful so what you say goes a long way to either establish or destroy you; this is why you should say things that God has said concerning you, not things that situations or circumstances say.
Never let success get to your head and never let failure get to your heart.
We think a wise person is someone who solves problems. Truth is, a wise person is someone who avoids problems.
Integrity is a powerful force, keeping you alive to others long after you’ve left their presence.
The secret code of success is patience, a virtue that can not be replaced.  It takes time to build great dreams.
Without enthusiasm then what we have surrounded ourselves with becomes worthless.
The ultimate story of success: When a nobody, who has never once in his entire life known the feeling of being remembered or respected, suddenly snaps and becomes a world dictator. On one hand it sounds just, but on the other, it illustrates the reason why a prosperity message has and needs its limitations.
Want something else more than success. Success is a lovely thing, but your desire to say something, your worth, and your identity shouldn’t rely on it, because it’s not guaranteed and it’s not permanent and it’s not sufficient. So work hard, fall in love with the writing—the characters, the story, the words, the themes—and make sure that you are who you are regardless of your life circumstances. That way, when the good things come, they don’t warp you, and when the bad things hit you, you don’t fall apart.
BREAKING NEWS: You're awesome and designed for success; live this day accordingly!
Behind a life of influence you will find a masterful storyteller.
Whether you dance, draw, make music, shoot field goals, build houses, tune engines, or sit around all day watching television, you are an artist. Your single greatest work of art is your self. As with any art form, the more you understand and develop your talents, the more empowered and masterful you become as an artist. This is particularly important when engaging in the art of consciously shaping your own life.
I would hesitate to use the word 'success' in the way many people do. I don't know that I would apply it to what I've done as though I have now reached the ultimate goal. To me success is a continuing thing. It is growth and development. It is achieving one thing and using that as a stepping stone to achieve something else. Success comes as you have confidence in yourself. Self-confidence is built by succeeding, even if the success is small. It is the believing that makes it possible.
Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get.  [Eddie Scissons]
Take action! An inch of movement will bring you closer to your goals than a mile of intention.
Do not look down with disdain on what Christ spent so much to achieve for you.
The fundamental virtue of success is that it allows you to know the true significance of what it means to have the freedom to make your dreams come true.
To soar, we must leave anything that weighs us down...
The awful penalty of success is the haunting dread of subsequent failure.
The mind is the mine of man, wherein he digs out good or evil.
No man succeeds without faith. Whether you call it religious faith or label it something else. I don't feel anything worthwhile is accomplished without it. When you believe there is a Supreme Being guiding the destiny of this universe and that within each of us there is a little part of that Being, then you will have faith in yourself, in your country, in that Supreme Being, and in humanity itself.
The greater the loyalty of a group toward the group, the greater is the motivation among the members to achieve the goals of the group, and the greater the probability that the group will achieve its goals.
If you want to lead an extraordinary life, find out what the ordinary do–and don't do it.
Like everything in life, it is not what happens to you but how you respond to it that counts.
It is never about who is right or wrong, it is about what is best.
Because memory is time folding back on itself. To remember is to disengage from the present. In order to reach any kind of success in automobile racing, a driver must never remember.
Just like your body and lifestyle can be healthy or unhealthy, the same is true with your beliefs. Your beliefs can be your medicine or your poison.
Success works as a cycle - growth and contraction, balancing and unbalancing - all while you're encountering hurdles that get higher and higher over time.
Philosophy, art, politics, religion and bohemia have never sought to do away entirely with the status hierarchy; they have attemptee, rather, to institute new kinds of hierarchies based on sets of values unrecognised by, and critical of, those of the majority.. They have provided us with persuasive and consoling reminders that there is more than one way of succeeding in life.
You can start to change your luck today. Begin believing that you can have what you desire and superior things will arrive.
Getting lost is not fatal. Almost every time, it will make your world.
If you wish success in life, make perseverance you bosom friend, experience your wise councellor, caution your elder brother, and hope your guardian genius.
Nothing succeeds like indifference to success.
Man is an end in himself.
We are pathfinders on a mission, Beholders following the Light, Runners gunning for the prize and Fighters remaining focused...You have been described, do not accept any other description!
Only great fools remain ungrateful.
The thrust of continuous action is the firewood which fuels motivation.
life is a continous journey of transformation
character is not made in a crisis- it is only exhibited
On your quest to spirituality it is often required to suspend your rationality; but true spirituality asks that you enhance your rationality.
Success is counted sweetest by those ne'er succeed.
Faith is the poetry of our dreams; action is the builder of our reality.
Not matter what your sacred or religious book is, it's not how well you know the book, it's how well you're in alignment with the author.
Failure is The Way of Success
The ladder of success is there waiting for you... you just have to realize it and reach towards and climb as high as you can you will surely be successful.
Never sit back and wait for a opportunity to find you, get up and search for one, it exists find it!
I wokeup in morning and saw, world has move on
Do the things you were sent here to do effectively.
I don't define success by how much money someone makes. I don't define success by how many trophies or plaques or awards someone has.  I don't define it by membership in exclusive clubs or the ability to name-drop about someone's famous friends.  I don't define it by how many luxury cars or opulent homes someone might own or how many sumptuous vacations they might taken in exotic locales all over the globe.  I don't define success...oh, hell, I'm just kidding. Actually, all that stuff is <i>fantastic</i>!
I couldn't do no yodelin', so I turned to howlin'. And it's done me just fine.
The devil can be a clown of prizes in moments like these. Moments of knowing you’ve ventured too far down the wrong path and all you can do is accept more prizes ...
The lesson of Buffett was: To succeed in a spectacular fashion you had to be spectacularly unusual.
If you want to be a successful runner, you have to consider everything. It's no good just thinking about endurance and not to develop fine speed.
Resistance is a powerful motivator precisely because it enables us to fulfill our longing to achieve our goals while letting us boldly recognize and name the obstacles to those achievements.
I've always believed that one woman's success can only help another woman's success.
Those who keep sitting idle and waiting for miracles to happen cannot be a part of the process and hence, their ideas never get any closer to reality.
It is questionable, for that matter, whether success is an adequate response to life. Success can eliminate as many options as failure.
Whoever is under a man's power is under his protection, too.
Apply yourself. Get all the education you can, but then...do something. Don't just stand there, make it happen.
You can do this, and if you can't do it today, you'll do it tomorrow. You are not a failure.
So here I am with this double life, one where my grammatically incorrect writing is a nice success with tens of thousands of readers, and another one where my carefully written books are read by a dozen people.
...at some point you need to stop looking out at others and start looking inward, at yourself, at your own accomplishments, at your own foibles, at your own successes and your own failures. It's only when you begin to look inward that you can begin to have an effect on those out there, the ones with the greedy eyes and outstretched hands.
Os livros são escritos devido a anos virados do avesso por ideias que não nos libertam até serem escritas e, até mesmo então, a escrita é o último recurso, um resgate desesperado que pagamos para que a vida nos seja devolvida.
As a child, at the age when others promise to be Chateaubriand or nothing, I had written that I would be myself or nothing. I had certainly not foreseen that one day I would find myself in the position of being both myself and nothing. 65
Anything worthy is worth the fight!
Success comes to those who hustle wisely.
Actually, I'm an overnight success. But it took twenty years.
Win or lose, you are trying, that's what matters.
Enlightenment is like quantum tunneling - when everyone sees walls and barriers, enlightened one sees infinite possibilities.
Bukan doa orang lain yang membuat anda sukses atau gagal, tapi karena anda telah mengaminkannya, sadar atau tak sadar.
When you've succeeded, you'd say: 'Indeed I'd to go through those hell  before fit into all of this happiness.
Failure is when you stop trying to do something. So, if you want to succeed. Don't stop trying.
Success is messy. But so is life. Deal with it. Poverty is messier.
Men's lives are short . The hard man and his cruelties will be Cursed behind his back and mocked in death. But one whose heart and ways are kind - of him strangers will bear report to the whole wide world, and distant men will praise him.  - Penelope in Robert Fitzgerald trans. THE ODYSSEY (364)
When it comes to making the right moves at the right time, your dance partner is life itself or what can be referred to as your destiny. The more you pay attention and practice intuitive decision making skills, the better you will become at sensing the unique rhythm of your life.
Successful people play the part of being successful consistently in all that they do.
We often dream and forget to take actions, but how can we become a success without taking action?
The purpose is to get across; change horses mid-stream if necessary.
The sure way to succeed Is to endure to the very end.
when you want to go up that mountain and everyone else around you is telling you that is too hard, and you’ll never going to make it, please listen to that small voice inside your heart and one day you will reach the mountain top
Your comfort zone is a place where you keep yourself in a self-illusion and nothing can grow there but your potentiality can grow only when you can think and grow out of that zone.
Your mind can be your enemy or friend. If you always follow your heart, your mind will feel neglected. If you follow only your mind, your heart will never forgive you. Never ignore your conscience, yet always be conscious of reason. Make your heart and mind friends and you will have peace of mind throughout life's seasons.
If you hold a candle close to you, its flame rises. And if you hold it away from you, its flame shrinks. The same way you hold a candle close to you, keep all your plans, aspirations, projects, and dreams close to you too. Do not share your plans or goals until you complete them, because as you hold your candle away from you — envy, jealousy, and resentment may put out your flame before it grows.
The tower of success stands on the pillars of vision, action, patience and the character to withstand criticisms.
Success needs vision to see, passion to transcend, patience to withstand and the character to overcome failures.
Success requires no explanations. Failure permits no alibis.
Did you once have a grand plan which has become obsolete and no longer serves you? If there are areas in your life which must change to help you create better results, a redesign may be in order. Consider going back to the ‘drawing board’ to deconstruct what isn’t working and start anew.
In <a href="https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/5107.Catcher_in_the_Rye" rel="nofollow" title="Catcher in the Rye">Catcher in the Rye</a>, the protagonist Holden Caulfield mentions reading books that make him wish he could be friends with the author and be able to call him on the phone and so forth. I would consider a literary work that made someone feel this way a success. Furthermore, it’s the only kind of success in literature that means anything to me.
Never give up on the fight until you win the belt.
Don’t aim at success—the more you aim at it and make it a target, the more you are going to miss it.
Do not be complacent about your achievements and not to strive for continual improvement when you get to the top. As soon as you let success go to your head, you sink into following familiar patterns and play it safe. In other words, you risk losing your edge.
Who dare tries is a success, and shall master the art of conquering dreams.
If you want to make a stand, help others make a stand, and if you want to reach your goal, help others reach their goal. Consider yourself and treat others accordingly: this is the method of Humanity.
It's only out of reach when you choose to keep your feet flat on the floor.
Great achievement requires personal force, determined spirit and self-confidence.
Start small and keep going.
Don’t just manage; go extra mile and win your race. Never give up the fight. You will win.
People who are ready to learn are those who will be the best to lead.
If one thousand of you participate in the murder of one child, then one thousand of you are a thousand times guilty.
You can use the stumbling blocks to build your success.
No experience is wasted. It is the stepping stones for a great success.
If one million of you give assent to the one thousand who participate in the murder of a child, then one million of you are a million times guilty.
No crime is a means to an end. No crime can be rationalized.
You have to conquer every obstacle, before you can reach the top of the mountain.
It`s Okay to Play or Work Alone in the Information Age But If We Must Make Headway in this Transformation Age, Collaboration is the Way to Go.
Success is focusing the full power of all you are on what you have a burning desire to achieve." 
Be open about your thoughts, ideas, and desires and you will be right with your decisions.
Be a life-long learner. Whether you are seeking to achieve peace and harmony, learn a new technology to do your work faster, or design a strategy to blow your competitors out of the water, retraining is a pivotal way to strengthen your knowledge and realize your goals
A beautiful idea can give you immortality—not success or money.
Connecting with others gives us a sense of inclusion, connection, interaction, safety, and community. Your vibe attracts your tribe, so if you want to attract positive and healthy relationships, be one! Staying connected and getting reconnected feeds the flow of goodness which empowers our humanity.
I was free with every road as my home. No limitations and no commitments. But then summer passed and winter came and I fell short for safety. I fell for its spell, slowly humming me to sleep, because I was tired and small, too weak to take or handle those opinions and views, attacking me from every angle. Against my art, against my self, against my very way of living. I collected my thoughts, my few possessions and built isolated walls around my values and character. I protected my own definition of beauty and success like a treasure at the bottom of the sea, for no one saw what I saw, or felt the same as I did, and so I wanted to keep to myself.  You hide to protect yourself.
Small shifts in your thinking, and small changes in your energy, can lead to massive alterations of your end result.
Leaving what feels secure behind and following the beckoning of our hearts doesn't always end as we expect or hope. We may even fail. But here's the payoff: it can also be amazing and wonderful and immensely satisfying.
The only limitation is that which one sets up in one's own mind.
WINNER:is A Runner who “Wins Inspite Of Ninety Nine Excellent Runners!
He who has the audacity to stop you from dreaming is he who had given you the imaginations to think, but not those who watch you as you explore the dreams!
Be a person that others will look for your posts daily because they know you will encourage them. Be the positive one and help others to have a great day and you will find that not only they like you but you will like you too.
It is literally true that you can succeed best and quickest by helping others to succeed.
COMPETITOR is one who can steal a few deals, but, the pinch of which, A VISIONARY Never feels...!
Giving is the master key to success, in all applications of human life.
Some of you may be perfectly happy with mediocrity. Some of you will get nothing but heartbreak. Some of you will be heralded as geniuses and become huge. Of course, all of you think that one describes you...hence the delusion necessary to push on.
No matter how you define success, you will need to be resilient, empowered, authentic, and limber to get there.
Let All Your Life’s Experiences Lead To More Writing &amp; Encourage More Reading..!
It is during our failures that we discover our true desire for success.
Winners were not born winners; they learnt and practiced how to win and they have it! Everyone who gives a great testimony about his/her life begins with a beginning that was "inadequate" until something happened... an a breakthrough became evident!
Gloating is a superficial glowing, floating is an idle flowing, and bloatedness is the paralysis of blowing up; because silent movement results in loud victories.
Nobody really cares if you’re miserable, so you might as well be happy, and make the most of where you are
You got to insist on your success, resist every obstacle and persist in times of difficulty and you will get there.
If you work hard, and become successful, it does not necessarily mean you are successful because you worked hard, just as if you are tall with long hair it doesn't mean that you would be a midget if you were bald.
Result of HARDWORK Is Neither Friends Nor Enemy, To the AGE Of the ACHIEVER!
Being sick successfully is not included in society’s panoply of worthy goals.
Success is Never Ending, Failure Is Never Final.
We must thank to all the failed people in the history as they showed us the true way to success!
I shall not dwell in the past... I shall not dread the present... I shall not fear the Future...  For as Long as I live... I shall only think of success.
To succeed in this competition means finding yourself in a place where you call the shots and get the gains. This is not an easy feat, unless you are born into it. if you are not, you will need to out-smart your equals. You need to be more ambitious than they are. You need to work harder. You need to look better and smarter. You need to justify why it should be you and not them. It’s a competition.
Nothing is impossible, Everything should be possible when we trying for achieve the goal
People who found something to live and die for always live in the hope of success. They never allow doubts to create distances between them and their harvest time. That is also their decision.
You solely owe success and happiness to yourself. So why not make your inner-self proud of your daily decisions and actions?
Wasifu wa viongozi wa Kolonia Santita ni siri kwa sababu siri ni siri ya mafanikio.
Be as successful as a Smith.
There is no try. There is only do.
One does not have to be a philosopher to be a successful artist, but he does have to be an artist to be a successful philosopher. His nature is to view the world in an unpredictable albeit useful light.
Busy with the ugliness of the expensive success  We forget the easiness of free beauty Lying sad right around the corner,  Only an instant removed,  Unnoticed and squandered.
Have nuts and be nuts.
This just gets worse and worse," Rob Pierre sighed as he skimmed Leonard Boardman's synopsis of his latest gleanings from the Solarian League reporters covering the PRH. "How can one person—one person, Oscar!—do this much damage? She's like some damned elemental force of nature!"  "Harrington?" Oscar Saint-Just quirked an eyebrow and snorted harshly at Pierre's nodded confirmation.  "She's just happened to be in the right places—or the wrong ones, I suppose, from our perspective—for the last, oh, ten years or so. That's the official consensus from my analysts, at least. The other theory, which seems to have been gaining a broader following of late, is that she's in league with the Devil.
The only secret of wealth creation is knowing how to use Cosmic Ordering.
Human beings are incredibly slow, Cosmic Ordering is incredibly fast!
When every minute of your day is planned &amp; you are packed for days,  you shall soon realize that the pain of past fades, vision of life gets  clearer and all that seemed to poison your life Ceases to exist.
The harder you work, the luckier you are, and I worked like hell.
No matter how loud the sirens or how numerous the hazard signs, we all touch the flames at least once to prove they're hot.
There is a funny story I always tell my students...when I came for the first time to the US. I didn’t speak English (Only Spanish) &amp; I saw on every door the word “exit” which in Spanish means Success = Exito. And then I said :”No wonder Americans are winners ,every door they take leads to success” ~smile :)
Failure has its successes.
Success comes to us when we have a burning desire to achieve and we focus our full power on achieving that.
I've never considered the possibility of defeat. I've never planned for it. That's the job for those people who plan for such things. My job is to only plan for success...victory; it has my complete focus.
You mark and celebrate errors, transforming failures into successes.
Success is not the end of the journey. It is the beginning of the expression of your infinite potential.
A clever person solves a problem; a wise person uses Cosmic Ordering!
On the road to success some will always expect tragedy ... ditch your doubts and experience success with Cosmic Ordering.
There are more triumphs than defeats with Cosmic Ordering.
Twenty years from now you will be disappointed you never used Cosmic Ordering today.
In the beginning man was poor, then along came Cosmic Ordering.
Whatever your desire, use Cosmic Ordering to get what you require!
To fail is nothing, unless you continue to ignore Cosmic Ordering.
Often the only difference between success and failure is not using Cosmic Ordering.
Everybody achieves success in life—a blessed few early in their careers, the rest of us when we lower our standards
A man may fail many times, and then he turns to Cosmic Ordering.
Everybody talks about being rich, Cosmic Ordering does something about it.
If you say you can't, you won't!  The only thing holding you back from success is yourself.
Success is not only a goal. It is a journey. When you commit yourself to the journey, the goal is surely there to be attained.
Success will not come to you like a baby who came to his mother
A man who fails well is greater than one who succeeds badly.
The people who stand before kings may look like they did it all by themselves. But in fact they are invariably the beneficiaries of hidden advantages and extraordinary opportunities and cultural legacies that allow them to learn and work hard and make sense of the world in ways others cannot. It makes a difference where and when we grew up. The culture we belong to and the legacies passed down by our forebears shape the patterns of our achievements in ways we cannot begin to imagine. It's not enough to ask what successful people are like, in other words. It is only by asking where they are from that we can unravel the logic behind who succeeds and who doesn't.
Lineage, personality, and environment may shape you, but they do not define your full potential.
Don't call yourself discouraged anymore;it's no longer your name.
Tomorrow will never call to ask your opinion; you don't control it. Stop allowing today's possibilities to be robbed by tomorrow's insecurities.
Don't let any situation intimidate you anymore, don't accept defeat anymore.
Weigh whatever you are about to say; what will it do to your hearer - encouragement, edification, disappointment or fear? What will it do to your life - glorify, edify, beautify or weigh you down? Speak well and things will go well.
With every choice you create the life you’ll live; with every decision you design it.
Dominate in your domain; You can do it.
Don't say negative things about your spouse and children.
You recreate your world to your taste with God's Word in your mouth.
You are not permitted to suffer what others suffer, you are not permitted to fail or die young.
Your life isn't behind you; your memories are behind you. Your life is ALWAYS ahead of you. Today is a new day - seize it!
I awoke one morning to find myself famous.
Your mouth is not given to you for feeding alone; it is given to you to programme events and circumstance around you.
Worship is the marriage of two Spirits - the Spirit of God and the Spirit of man.
Create your world with God's Word in your mouth just say it and it will be accomplished!
The presence of the Lord destroys a life of struggle. You will struggle until you encounter His presence.
Your status has changed. Your Name is changed! You are a new creation.
You are not permitted to live and die as a non-entity because you have encountered the greatness that is associated with Christ.
An exceedingly well-informed report,' said the General. 'You have given yourself the trouble to go into matters thoroughly, I see. That is one of the secrets of success in life.
I rather now strive to reach rather than wait to receive!
True success is a silence inner process that can empower the mind, heart and soul through strong aspiration for great achievement.
The price you have to pay to be great at something - is repetition.
The choice is yours. Don't let your pronouncements destroy your destiny rather let them build your future up!
Let your words glorify God and edify your hearers and then beautify your life.
Words are directed to your personalities namely; - God, your hearers, devil and yourself.
When life gives you lemons, use Cosmic Ordering!
Believe and achieve with Cosmic Ordering.
Cosmic Ordering success sticks to you like mud to a blanket.
When we are connected to the source, we will not be afraid of any task set before us.
A strong man does not succumb to pressures, he knows that without pressures he will not find pleasures and so he will not be made.
You may not attain the highest height with one leap but my dear; you will reach your destination.
God rewards every act of obedience to His Will.
Your decision not to join the crowd may be what God is waiting for to grant you revelation on how to deliver your family, your country, business, profession or even your church!
Sometimes success is simply being willing to give it your all.
You can actually recreate your world with the Word of the Creator in your mouth.
Happy roads is bunk. Weary roads is right. Get you nowhere fast. That's where I've got—nowhere. Where everyone lands in the end, even if most of the suckers won't admit it.
So cheer up Beloved; for your God is able, He is the maker of all things.
The presence of God is so important in the life of believers. There is abundance of all you need to make your life comfortable in His presence.
He is the only option for better living.
Man is like a bride unto God. God is jealous when man veers away from Him.
God wants all man's attention, thoughts and focus to be on Him.
Another way of remaining in intimacy with God is by remaining in His presence.
I am unique...I play by a different set of rules; I am not intimidated by anything.
We cannot prevail by our own might or strength, we need to plug on to the source of our strength so that we will remain resourceful always.
God comes down in the evenings to chat with man, enjoy man's company and find out how man faired in the course of the day.
Are you the fruit of redemption? If yes, then make a delightful noise unto Him.
Knowledge is very vital in life`s transformation and transition
God is not a thief. That which steals, kills and destroys is the devil - not God!
The minute you start talking about what you’re going to do if you lose, you have lost.
Everyone that enters through Him is secured and the person shall find pastures for himself. Jesus really cares!
You don't need to go running from pillar to post looking for what God looks like.
On the road to success, even little stones may cause you fall down! If you are not serious and careful, forget about reaching your target!
It doesn't matter how wealthy you may be in material things, what matters is do you know what to do with those wealth?
The Prince came to give life unto those whose lives were almost being snuffed out by the devil via the cares of this world.
Life will be a whole lot better if we understand what our salvation in Christ means.
Yes, all you need do is to change your orientation and have faith in the Lord Jesus Christ that He can make you whole, change your status, and add value to your destiny.
Set out time to worship God in your closet, give Him quality praise and watch Him raise you.
your right standing with God and your connection to Him remains your strongest defense in the day of calamity.
It is easier for one to take risks and to chase his dreams with a mindset that he has nothing to lose. In this lies the immense passion, the great advantage of avoiding a materialistic, pleasure-filled way of life.
Too often, people get stuck in a state of over-thinking, the result is that they never reach a decision.
Compete like you cannot fail.
The first step is the most important. It is the most crucial and the most effective as it will initiate the direction you have chosen.
it is easy to surpass a predecessor, but difficult to avoid being surpassed by a successor.
Money. The ultimate motivation. The ultimate way of keeping score.
Patience and persistence are the keys... The keys to unlock doors of success... With these two virtues, you grow in reasoning and experience.
Blame is the creed of the disempowered.
The quest for a lost city erodes your body, damaging you beyond all reason. But it is your mind that bears the heaviest toll. Listen to the doubters, the worriers and the weak, and the vaguest hope of success evaporates.
If you want to continue to be the best in the world, then you have to train and compete like you are second best in the world.
Things get done only if the data we gather can inform and inspire those in a position to make difference.
If you remain static and wait for success to come to you it will certainly not happen.
God is not ecstatic about the lack you are experiencing; He is not delightful over your failures, He is not happy about your stagnancy.
The only test is what you see when you look in a mirror.
The way to achieve your goals is step by step, you just need to build enough track, to be ahead of the train." ~ John Milton Lawrence
Human beings have an extraordinary capacity to imagine possibilities and then turn those possibilities into realities. Evident in the gifts of civilization—in our arts, languages, sciences, technologies, businesses, governments, and so on—it is clear that we are a profoundly creative species. Yet many of us only access a smidgen of our creativity.
Previous journeys in search of treasure have taught me that a zigzag strategy is the best way to get ahead.
(Ulrich, 100 year old Bulgarian man): in Solo, by Rana Dasgupta "Ulrich has sometimes wondered whether his life has been a failure. Once he would have looked at all this and said yes. But now he does not know what it means for a life to succeed or fail. How can a dog fail its life, or a tree? A life is just a quantity; and he can no more see failure in it than he can see failure in a pile of earth, or a bucket of water. Failure and success are foreign terms to such blind matter." (p. 160)
It is true to say that the secret of a winning formula is the ability to accept that there is a vast area of unexploited potential beyond what you currently perceive to be your maximum.
Try to turn as many soft, aspirational goals as possible into success criteria, and make them specific enough that you can actually tell whether or not you've met them.
Dining with the King; your attire, attitude and mentality must change.
Just identify the very first physical action you need to take, and do it.
Your world of poverty can be recreated to that of affluence simply by speaking the Prince's language.
I felt sure we could gain the upper hand by putting ourselves in the mindset of the Incas.
100% of a Guru’s marketing plan depends on you holding the belief that you are not enough; that you were created less equipped than necessary to fulfill your purpose. What if you let go of that belief and connected with the truth of your innate power to change and shape your life? You ARE enough. You CAN change and shape your own life. Anyone who tells you different is simply lying. Your life has immeasurable potentiality for greatness; act accordingly.
You have to create your self-belief by going to your core to find the probable reasons for the negativity in you, and then demolish them.
Being poor in the Spirit means you are humble, gentle, meek, God-fearing,kind and exhibit the fruits of the Spirit but being Spiritually poor is lacking in every thing that pertains to life and godliness.
Options abound in our world. You can choose where to stay and how to stay there. Where you are Today is as a result of the option you took yesterday and no doubt where you will be Tomorrow is embedded in your option Today. Choose right; choose wisely, Take THE BEST OPTION. The Best Option will deliver your inheritance to you. It will change your state and deliver to you, your brand new estate. You do not blame anyone for failing to do it right the first time. You accept the blame. The Best Option will cause you to get it right the first time and always.
When the Prince comes into your life, you will stop thinking and start reasoning.
He would never again need anything from his mother and father but their love.
There are three types of people in this world. Firstly, there are people who make things happen. Then there are people who watch things happen. Lastly, there are people who ask, what happened? Which do you want to be?
If you have positive energy you will always attract positive outcomes.
If obstacles are large, jump higher.
Act like a champion, and then become one.
If not now, when?
Look for solutions, instead of being difficult; be more thoughtful, instead of allowing anger to burn you out. Look at things from a different perspective, embrace change, look out for opportunities and you will feel much more in control.
It is action that creates motivation.
Share your aspirations only with those who will support you, not those who will respond with doubt or lack of interest.
See it first in your mind, then become it.
A mind filled with negative thoughts makes you feel miserable and inadequate and will lead to failure after failure no matter how hard you try to succeed.
Invest your energy in the things you can control.
Every time a champion makes a decision they have a chance to learn something new, regardless of the outcome.
Your current apathy is simply your soul telling you that it is confused.
To think is good. To obsess is bad.
The challenge for you is to decide not what is important, but what is most important and then focus your attention on that.
If not you, who?
It is one thing to know what should be done, it is another to do it.
Nothing could be any worse than having to turn to your friends, your colleagues and your loved ones and say –‘I gave up too soon’.
When you think a positive thought, you become positive.
Do you want to know what one of the secrets to achieving all of your goals is? You’ve got to be committed.
These are the people who will encourage you to go after your dreams and will inspire you to succeed. Stick to them like a barnacle to a rock.
Tell me your thinking, and I’ll tell you what your life looks like.
The people and successes in your life mirror your beliefs.
Success is simply never giving in to failure - either in mind or body.
If you decide not to take action, you are going to fail, and even if you do take action, if you can’t keep up your motivation, you will simply end up back where you started.
Success is virulent. Once you get the bug then it’s in you.
See it, feel it, trust it!
If you are able to focus unswervingly on your goals, then all that you desire will become yours.
Mix with positive-minded people as a means to tap into your unexploited potential.
The sprint is like life ... blink and you miss it.
Stop pointing fingers and placing blame on others. Your life can only change to the degree that you accept responsibility for it.
Ultimate prosperity is one's value within. It takes a man of depth, morality, and charm to be envied yet without a sign of wealth or romance. A passion to prove such inner worth is his permission to achieve whatever he desires.
Bad luck with women is a determined man's road to success. For every affliction, he makes, out of indignation, yet another advancement in order to exceed the man that the woman chose over him. This goes to show that great men are made great because they once learned how to fight the feeling of rejection.
The more we see ourselves as a vibrant, successful, inspiring person who boldly declares and manifests her vision, the more we become just that.
The first step toward success is taken when you refuse to be a captive of the environment in which you first find yourself.
The only credential the city asked was the boldness to dream. For those who did, it unlocked its gates and its treasures, not caring who they were or where they came from.
People think that the opposite of success is failure, but it's not. Failure is part of the process of success.
I'd rather be a failure in something that I love than a success in something that I hate.
The measure of a society is not only what it does but the quality of its aspirations.
The library is full of stories of supposed triumphs which makes me very suspicious of it. It's misleading for people to read about great successes, since even for middle-class and upper-class white people, in my experience, failure is the norm
Your greatest responsibility in your life is to be the best version of yourself. When you feel for what the soul believes that is who you become.
Lucky people will focus on what’s in front of them rather than scrabbling about for what they’re searching for.
When Marconi suggested the possibility of wireless transmission of sound (the radio),he was committed to a mental institution. But people like Lincoln, Edison, and Marconi were strongly motivated. So they didn't give up. They somehow knew that the only real failure is the one from which we learn nothing. They seemed to go on the assumption that there is no failure greater than the failure of not trying, and so they continued to try in the face of repeated failures.
Remember, if you don’t do anything – if you don’t change the way your mind works and direct your subconscious mind to create the life you want – then everything stays the same, nothing changes.
Some false representations contravene the law; some do not. ... The sensibilities of no two men are the same. Some would refuse to sell property without carefully explaining all about its merits and defects, and putting themselves in the purchasers' place and inquiring if he himself would buy under the circumstances. But such men never would be prosperous merchants.
They don’t give Olympic medals out for talking a good game.
Explore. Train your conscious mind and your subconscious mind to start working for you by getting those great powers to move in a new direction. Start creating your own good luck today.
Morale and attitude are fundamentals to success.
At this rate, I'm still going to be aspiring by the time I'm expiring.
Although you can’t go back in time and alter your natural level of potential, you can determine how much of that ability you tap into, exploit and develop for the future.
For many, lack of achievement is more a consequence of fear of taking a chance and getting uncomfortable.
The way forward is to stop pestering yourself for answers and let it, the creative part of your mind, come up with the solution when the time is right.
Be confident in your approach to success in having a better future. Take risks, try new things, become diligent, and find new techniques because in the end you will develop a compelling emotional element.
You were born into this life equipped to succeed. You are a part of God’s perfect plan. Yes, you. The plan would not be perfect if you were missing. Think about that. You matter more than you know.
Whatever beginning goals you set for yourself, following through on them will build momentum and a sense of achievement and those small success will point the way to bigger ones
To deliver your own personal maximum, you’ll realise there are no shortcuts; if you want to be a champion it is all about rolling your sleeves up and getting stuck in.
Trust in your own beliefs or succumb to the influence of others’.
Life is a journey worth making.
Failure are given power, not success ..
Because I keep it real and reality is a ruthless bitch. Plus I wanna make money – you cool with that?” - Gable
In those things toward which we exerted our best endeavors we succeeded.
Failure isn't bad if it doesn't attack the heart. Success is all right if it doesn't go to the head.
As Tim followed me up the narrow stairwell, he playfully pinched my butt with every step, a pleasant (and painful--in a black-and-blue sort of way) reminder that all I had yearned for as a student twenty-five years before had come true, even if I hadn't taken the time to notice it until now: I was happy. At twenty years old, had I articulated what I thought I needed in life, I would have probably said a big house, a successful husband, and a great career. Yet all I really needed for true happiness was the homeless, unemployed bus driver right behind me, pinching my butt every step of the way.
Many of our problems are broadly similar to those that undermined ... Norse Greenland, and that many other past societies also struggled to solve. Some of those past societies failed (like the Greenland Norse) and others succeeded ... The past offers us a rich database from which we can learn in order that we may keep on succeeding.
I can only strive for what is important
The successful cannot be unhappy -- it was a contradiction in terms.
As Henry Moore carved or modelled his sculpture every day, he strove to surpass Donatello  4. and failed, but woke the next morning elated for another try.
He'd had his career, his triumphs. Success had brought him nothing but misery; he couldn't handle it. Success had thrown him in the gutter
How many stopped-up men and women does it take to produce one Einstein? Ten? A thousand? A hundred thousand? ... So this is what Einstein meant when he looked me in the eye that day and said, I would be nothing without you. It was not success he saw written in my face. He saw, rather, that I would never accomplish anything at all.
Your career success in the workplace of today–independent of technical expertise–depends on the quality of your people skills. (9)
If you fail at the large things it means you have not large ambitions. Concentration, focus - that is all. The aptitudes come, the tools forge themselves.
Success shuns the man who lacks ideas.
We may well discover that the business failure we avoid and the business success we strive for do not lead us to personal success at all. Most of us have inherited notions of "success" from someone else or have arrived at these notions by facing a seemingly endless line of hurdles extending from grade school through college and into our careers. We constantly judge ourselves against criteria that others have set and rank ourselves against others in their game.
Cultivate your curiosity. Keep it sharp and always working. Consider curiosity your life preserver, your willingness to try something new. Second, enlarge your enthusiasm to include the pursuit to excellence, following every task through to completion. Third, make the law of averages work for you. By budgeting your time more carefully than most people you can make more time available. Does the combination of curiosity, enthusiasm, and the law of averages guarantee success Indeed it does not ... Success in the final analysis always involves luck or the element of chance. Louis Pasteur grasped this well when he said that chance favors the prepared mind.
Success is not for those who love to chase after pleasure.
Create your life. Don’t be a slave to your life. -
If I have succeeded better than many who surround me, it has been chiefly - may I say almost solely - from universal assiduity.
Any area of life that you are failing in, is an area where you are trying to be right and make others wrong.
The true battle is in your mind and the first step of success is to win that battle with right mindset. 
Courage comes when you match your beliefs and values with your actions and words.
Anything bad is the result of an unwillingness to communicate.
Knowing what you are doing will guide you to success or the going can be really rough.
Notable Things Happen In Our Lives When We Don't Allow Fear Roam Freely In Our Situations!
The greatest tragedy is to live and give up on your goals.
I WILL NOT DWELL FAILURES BUT INSTEAD EMBRACE THEM"  -Stephanie
True productivity is about doing more of what is in your desire zone and less of everything else.
Ambition is the obscured expression of Vision
Empowered, I began fighting for my passions. Fighting for my healing. Fighting for my inner peace. Fighting for authentic joy to wash over me. Fighting for my visions and goals.
The phrase “choose your battles wisely” means to be selective of how we spend our time and who we spend our time with. To be selective. To not join every argument or confrontation. To learn to walk away from unproductive battles.
There are many internal secrets that make a person continue to succeed, and there are many external secrets that make a person continue to hide their secrets. Internal secrets are true secrets, while the outer secrets are false secrets, aimed at hiding the truth. However, the secret to success is hard work, knowledge and secrecy.
Respect your privileges and understand your rights.
If you can’t do it for yourself, you do it for all the other young souls who need to be shown that things are possible. That they too can do that thing they dream of.
Many adventurers would say that opportunity is something that you find as part of a relentless search, or that it’s something that an imagination unleashed shapes and creates. And while all of that sounds bold and wonderfully fearless, it’s my sense that opportunity is more that thing to which we’ve been called by something larger than ourselves, and less something that is a product of ourselves.
The truth of the matter is that most major success in this right-brain, internet-connected, uber-competitive world no longer comes from doing things consecutively. If you do things consecutively, you lose. This is a fact. Slow and steady may have won the race in the past, but today, in order to even get into the race, you have to be the one organizing it too, and doing everything all at the same time.
Nobody cares how many times you failed once you succeed and be a brand. Illuminating present doesn't allow folks to recall your dark past.
Embrace who you are. That is where your power lays.
A Destroyed Future Can Be Sutured And Restructured By Creating Pictures From The Scriptures...
We must remember that pain is just the other side of joy. If you avoid all possibilities to pain, you also block all avenues of happiness. It is like writing an examination. If you want to be absolutely sure that you don’t fail, you don’t write the examination. However, by doing so, you also block all your chances of success.
If you’ve got your health, you can always make some money. But all the dough in the world can’t buy back your health. Isn’t it clear that the person who compromises his health in the name of making money is cutting himself a really lousy deal?
Flower doesn't bloom overnight. Trust your path and enjoy the process.
Successful people dream and act on it, while unsuccessful people only dream.
In the business world life is like a chess game, you always have to choose wisely before making your next move.
If you haven't received death threats, you haven't become famous yet.
Be proud of struggles in your life. They bring you closer to greatness.
The obstacle is a PATH
Criticism is the fuel by which the vehicle of success runs.
Your potential is a hidden treasure. You may not be even aware of it till you discover it. However, it is not easy to find your potential when you are following others or trying to achieve success in an area which is the most sought after.
Time wipes successes that easily achieved and cheap.  -Red White Love: The Love of Liverpool FC
The real measure of success is not what you have, but what you gave up from for what you have  -Red White Love: The Love of Liverpool FC
Most people lead miserable lives because in their attempt to win the rat race, they try to excel in the area for which they don’t have the potential. Hence, they fail not only in achieving success, but end up making their lives miserable as well.
Stay cool, stay focused, learn from your failures and celebrate your success each time you have one. By doing these things, you're unstoppable.
You can't motivate someone until and unless you're motivated. The motivated person can help you by his successful stories while a demotivated person can motivate you his failure experience.
Freedom equals power.
It is a personal decision to make yourself happy and fulfilled.
No matter your wildest dreams of success, money, or great notoriety. Nothing happens in a blink. It’s always series of events in our lives that bring us to these points we desire. So when you’re praying, wishing, or even day dreaming, on what you think will truly bring you happiness, remember the obstacles, people, places, along the way will not be left out. Pray, wish or day dream to be placed in situations that gets you where you want to be. Pray for the right path.
Material success is not a sign of divine approval
Beware of success. It can knock you into a fixed mindset: "I won because I have talent. Therefore I will keep winning." Success can infect a team or it can infect an individual.
Everything's great 'til something goes wrong.
Success is about long term relationships which you build on, and it’s best to start with having an empowering, positive and uplifting relationship with yourself as a starting point, which is your anchor or keystone to build from!
The quality of your habits will determine the quality of your future.
Without commitment, there can be no lasting success.
Ambition has the power to change the fate of success
People who have acquired academic degrees, without acquiring many economically meaningful skills, not only face personal disappointment and disaffection with society, but also have often become negative factors in the economy and even sources of danger, especially when they lash out at economically successful minorities and ethnically polarize the whole society they live in. . . . . In many places and times, soft-subject students and intellectuals have inflamed hostility, and sometimes violence, against many other successful groups.
Show me a person with great pain and many failures and I’ll show you a very successful person.” – James D. Wilson
Initiate a proper handshake and the whole world opens up for you. – James D. Wilson
Infinite are the mortifications of the bare attempt to emerge from obscurity; numberless the failures; and greater and more galling still the vicissitudes and tormenting accompaniments of success.
The human being desirous of success and strength should perform spiritual or good working continuously.
True Knowledge always increases his/her thinking accomplishment and help them in getting new and innovative, happy ideas. After effectuating those visions successfully earns affluence and knowledge.
Don't Stay Awake At Night Because Of Unwise Speeches From Untrained Lips.... They Do Not Worth The Time You Are Wasting On Them!
While failure is important for success, take only as much failures as you can afford to, without losing all your happiness. Failing more than what you can withstand is a recipe for suffering.
Success is sweet, especially when your enemies thought nothing good can come out of your life again.
Meditate on success to allow your success to expand.
Success takes scrupulous diligence ; to repeat takes strenuous perseverance.
Success,peace and prosperity will always remain elusive as long as there is 'discord' but where there is 'unity' perfect harmony prevails there and nobody would dare to attack such a Self knowledge.
To give a precise formulation of the difference between the productive and sterile writer: the <i>unproductive</i>, neurotically inhibited writer exhausts his psychic energy in the creation of his unconscious alibi of the defense mechanism of pseudo aggression ("I refuse") while at the same time he still retains the unconscious masochistic wish to be <i>refused</i>. The <i>productive</i> writer, experiences the same conflict, solves it by eliminating, intrapsychically, the mother: I, <i>myself</i>, autharchically, <i>give</i> ideas and words (milk). The successful writer sets a "magic gesture" into motion: he dramatizes, unconsciously, how he allegedly wanted to be treated—kindly, and receiving.
In order to reach your destination, you first need to face thousands of deceptions. But it's worth it, because each grey cloud, each tear, each sweat are ingredients to get you there.
If you wish to be happy, you have to choose happiness over wealth, power, success or fame. You have to accord happiness the highest priority in life.
Success is all about fine tuning our own original style following the process of identification and elimination of ineffective stuff and emphasizing the uniqueness in our originality.
Stay Relevant, Keep Learning!
Observing others is not about copying them, rather it’s an opportunity to learn from them.
There is nothing called failure, everything is experience.
Loosing money is not a failure, it’s just one of the many events of our life which happens to lead us to be a better version of our own-self.
We are living in a competitive world and have to perform better than others to achieve success. We also believe that it is success that brings happiness. We assume that if we can take care of success then success, itself, will take care of happiness. Therefore, people keep chasing success all through their lives as they consider happiness to be its by-product.
We start feeling uneasy as soon as the initial euphoria or happiness from our achievement fades away. We then raise the bar further so that we can strive more and achieve even higher success thereby deliberately making ourselves unhappy. However, our lifelong chase of success only gives us suffering and unhappiness.
Failure is the first success.
Instead of arguing whether happiness gives one success or success makes one happy, we may agree that happiness and success are interconnected with each other and are the cause and effect of each other. Similarly, failure and unhappiness are also cause and effect of each other.
Most motivational speakers typically use anecdotes rather than statistics to prove their point. They don’t speak about the thousands of failures of millions of hapless men and women but always tell the story of one successful person to prove their point. They make great promises akin to a good salesman out to sell his wares. Many people follow their advice and unfortunately discover that they still are not able to achieve the promised success.
Don't go backward seeing obstacles. Overcome it. Your destination is ahead.
Measure your success with your happiness, not with other's opinions.
When people see light of trust, respect and responsibility in you. You are successful. You are a leader.
Nothing is a turnoff like a New York City housing authority kitchen. People want to hear about that once you're successful, not when you're living in it.
We are not noble by birth. We are noble only by virtue of the way we think, speak, and act.
To succeed at anything worthwhile in life requires persistence, no matter how gifted, fortunate, or passionate you are. When I interviewed late bloomers for this book, nearly every one said that once you find your passion and your "pot," you need to hang in there--you need to persist.
Success for me will be the day when all humans everywhere will stand up with a sense of unity and call themselves humans above everything else.
the blessings of life are like fruits hanging on a tree
If the whole team isn't winning, then you're not winning.
If the whole team is not winning, then you are not winning.
The art of war is if you can’t defeat your enemy, because they are stronger than you. Make them to hate themselves, then you will win the war. Self hate is the most self destructing and most dangerous weapon to any human being. We are losing in life, because we are hating ourselves and hating one of our own.
You can rise again, laugh again, run again, jump again, bounce again and win again and again, only if you can see the glory ahead.
Never look back. The past is done. The future is a blank canvas. Work on creating a masterpiece. Only you have the power to make your painting beautiful. Do not waste time chasing after success or comparing yourself to others. Every flower blooms at a different pace. Excel at doing what your passion is and only focus on perfecting it. Eventually people will see what you are great at doing, and if you are truly great, success will come chasing after you.
If leaders don’t change. Change the leaders,
When making important decisions, seek multiple sources and authentic data points. Look at a scenario from different perspectives. The truth will emerge more readily.
Release your need for approval. Feel liberated being the authentic person you were designed to be.
No one is better alone!
Things only have the value and importance we give them. Work, success, accomplishments mean nothing to me, though they may mean the world to someone else.
In every aspect of our lives, there are many, equally valid ways to reach a positive outcome. There are always many ways to achieve a goal, gain expertise, or find success.
Thanks to everybody who does his work and job well. Doctors, Teachers, builders, chefs, parents, students, and anyone who does his best in his duties faithfully and sincerely deserve to be thanked and acknowledged.  Working hard to achieve the best isn't like running away from responsibilities, so thanks to all the hard workers around the world for your patience, efforts, achievements.
We may have suffered a lot because of our attachment to those things, but we don’t have the courage to release them; it doesn’t feel safe to do so. But it may be that we continue to suffer because of our attachment to those things. It may be a person, a material object, or a position in society, anything. We think that without that person or thing we will not be safe, and that is why we’re caught by it.
Exercise is like defragmenting your hard drive. You become strong and successful.
Do we really want to realize our greatest aspiration? If we truly want to accomplish our aspirations, then why would we go along a path that goes against them, and leaves us without enough energy to practice and help ourselves and others?
The popular advice is we just need more confidence, more assurance, more chutzpah. But the issue with confidence is how we try to achieve it. Too often we try to win high self-regard in cheap ways. We undermine others, or we compare our achievements to those of the weakest around us. We conform to cultural norms, believing that what society values is what we value and that how society defines success is how we must define success. These cheap self-confidence tricks are unsustainable and can lead to narcissism during good times and depression during hard times.
95% of people will HOPE for a better life to "happen" to them. They will spend money on external stuff to try to make themselves feel better, seem more successful, and hopefully gain some sense of significance and certainty. Yet none of these actions will bring true success.
Exercise is like defragmenting your hard drive. The scattered pieces of yourself become whole again. We become strong and successful.
Take your first step and you will walk before you know it.
My prayer is that none of us would ever find ourselves at the bottom of a hole looking up, but if we happen to find ourselves there my prayer would be that God would be at the top of the hole reminding us that He’s also at the bottom.
Decide to believe in yourself. Be patient and strong, because there is no doubt you possess the ability to overcome obstacles throughout your life.
Such success in life, which one gains through others that, holds restriction and conditions; conversely, success with own struggles, one enjoys freedom.
Disciplined SWIFT action, with Fierce focus, divides drop-out from the Doers... and wanna-bees, from the joyous achievers.
If you’ve ever done anything extraordinary in your life, always remember, no amount of ridicule can ever rob you of your achievements.
For success put your energy over which you have control. Do not drain your energy to the things over which you have no control.
Winning is a habit - leadership is maintaining that habit against all odds.
For success you need tune your subconscious mind to reach the top of the mountain and overcome all the obstacles on the road. Identify your internal motivations and tune it to the top of the mountain.
Success has always been the greatest liar
Those who aim high know what it takes to feel the skies on the tip of their wings and would encourage you to fly with them. Those who sour grape from below would want nothing but for people to fall for that is their only means to feel taller.
You must measure your success and failures by your own standards from within and not by what I or anyone else may think because you are the only person you are competing against in life.
Faithfulness to one's calling is ultimately the only true measure of success. By your faithfulness you will change people and creation according to God's plan.
When you begin to recognize your own gifts you set the stage for real world success.
Be helpful without expectation to be rewarded.
Do you are laugh because you are successful or because another one is unfortunate?
the easiest way to open a close door is with kindness and respect
If you change your perspective, you'll change your path
Success in any area of life does not come easily, nor does it come overnight. It is an ongoing process that requires persistence, humility, and determination.
A stone is broken by the last stroke of hammer. That doesn't mean that the first stroke is useless. Success is the result of continuous efforts.
If you're trying to do something where you will inevitably fail and be rejected repeatedly before you achieve your goal, then you will need a nonstandard relationship with winning, focusing on incremental goals.
Success should not be defined as attaining a specific state/position, it should be defined by the length of the journey one makes in his life time with respect to the people he/she started with(at the least). Not all are born in the same set of circumstances.
Positive or negative its all feedback.
The things we fear the most, typically offer the greatest rewards.
It’s difficult, if not impossible, to let go of all that negativity, which is a serious drain on your motivation, but you got to let it go.
What success looks like from from the inside and outside is very different.
If you have to set goals and you choose what you can do. You won't break the record or make history.
If you ask me a question. Then you say the answer does not matter. You should not be worried or dispute the answer I give you.
The only “success question” that matters: Do you want to learn or do you want your excuse?
Fear tells us to stay down so we won’t get knocked down again. God says to get up because while we might get knocked down again, at least it’ll be up the road from the last place where that happened.
To achieve great things you need to set your performance thermometer to above average, then break the switch.
Good and Bad always co-exists.. at the same time, with similar intensity and for a common purpose.
We are in an era of overachievers where nothing is ever enough.
Those with a nose for success will always be distracted by the whiff of lucre.
Favor isn't always fair. Sometimes favor goes to those who has endured the most unfavorable situations in life.
I’m not distracted by the verbal blah blah... Behavior speaks... You either produce excuses or results. The rest is just noise.
It’s comforting to know that you don’t have to be excellent to not be completely forgotten.
Let the failure of today be motivation to do Better Tomorrow.
The change will happen in all circumstances, either with us all without us.
Change never stops; how can we?
If we don’t change voluntarily, change will change us, but change has to happen in all circumstances. No one can stop the change.
If there is no culture then, any culture is our culture.
The gift of the legacy is to give voice for those who are unknown. The known ones are the virtue of success.
Common leaders become successful. Remarkable leaders leave a legacy.
There are many counselors for success, but only ‘one’ for failure. If you do not achieve success, you will be the ‘one’; learn how to use this motivation.
Success is not an opinion, it is a choice. No one can say that you will be a success or a failure; you are the one who chooses.
We were all reared in a world that concentrated on sin and sinfulness, but I believe that when we come into the eternal world we won’t so much be checked for our failures, but we will be asked whether we honored the possibilities that were placed inside us when we were so carefully fashioned out of the clay.
There is no success without clues. There is no real theory without research
I have never seen fear greater than to power and success. Even when they never said they did not deserve them; Are you running away from them? If you know diligently the hierarchy of your values, why do you run away?
Work is freighted with difficulty and possibility of visible failure, failure to provide, to succeed, to make a difference, to be seen and to be seen to be seen. Work, therefore is robust vulnerability, and a good part of the time, a journey leading us through very unbeautiful private and public humiliations.
I did all that with my little hatchet.
Stop letting other people hijack your day.
Success leaves clues; do not lose your faith. On the way you will encounter some obstacles; make a commitment and go with it. An assumed commitment wins any battle.
The other side of shore is always the success
I believe ... that you must collect and pursue all your passions. Let your desires lead you to foreign territories. Your path might look scattered for now, like you have no direction or clear aim, but I believe that one day, all these ideas and spread-out skills will combine and create a creation of impact, a combined masterpiece of everything you found to love, and that will be your legacy.
Why was she always so cruel, I wondered, even after I had worked so hard for her? Perhaps she needed someone beneath her to know for certain that she was not on the bottom rung. Perhaps being cruel was proof of her success.
There is no success without clues. There is no real theory without research.
People that say negative things only make me more positive.
You have to lose it to make it.
If we refuse to acknowledge our wrongs then opportunities will remain invisible and significant grains of truth obscured.
Success is not achieved; its written
Entrepreneur, do you know you can actually start up before you start up?
Entrepreneur, Vincent Van Gogh had no accredited training in art but yet his distinction is generational.
Entrepreneur, don't just think out of the box, stand on the box to see new possibilities and opportunities in becoming distinguished.
You can numb the pain, but that hasn’t erased your problem, it’s just given it time to grow.
You are only limited by your philosophies.
It’s lucid fact that there is no hidden secret to success; this is a step by step journey.
When you fall don’t get up until you figure out what tripped you.
We cannot judge each minor or even major vignettes of life as a final statement of our worth. The totality of our deeds comprises our final scorecard. If a person struggles in the earnest quest of accomplishing their ultimate destination, their demonstrative sincerity exhibited traveling with an open mind and displaying disciplined application of assiduous effort to improve their own self, while unselfishly avoiding harming other people provides a measure of satisfaction, even if a person fails to attain his or her ultimate visage.
Thinking about your problem is like watering your house plant. You only make it grow.
We are all addicted to something whether we admit it or not.
Rock bottom is the bedrock from which every good thing was ever built.
The difference between successful people and really successful people is that really successful people say no to almost everything
Stop letting your haters write your bio.
If you want to have more, you have to become more. Success is not something you pursue
If you are not making the progress that you would like to make and are capable of making, it is simply because your goals are not clearly defined
A good attitude comes with understanding your failures are part of the overall plan for your success.
Like fear, doubt greatly reduces the potency of our effort.
Most men each have a to-do list of women that they plan on executing if and when they get rich or famous.
Success is the achievement of the goals and the dreams that satisfy your inner self.
The way you treat people says who you are, not the balance in your bank account.
The darkness will always know your name but you don’t have to answer when it calls.
Think about it. Not everything works at once, but everything works.
The most powerful energy on earth is the power of creation. Create a new life is you want to truly leave the old one behind.
In every field that's been studied from wine tasting to financial investing, when it came to differentiating between top performers, experience was not the critical variable....experience and expertise do not necessarily go hand in hand.
It isn't experience that sets top performers apart but the amount of deliberate practice they put in.
Even seemingly trivial decisions deplete us.
The biggest thing holding you back is almost always ... you. Start there.
You can't build the road without walking it.
The biggest thing holding you back is you. Start there.
Without exaggerating the point, the difference between ‘what I should do’ verses ‘what I want to do’ is quite frankly the difference between success and failure.
Success happens very slow and very sudden.
The best way to finish early is to start early.
Productivity means fewer efforts in returns of more output.
Success has a knack of making one complacent, but failure can keep one rooted firmly on the ground.
Self-confidence doesn’t require tailored expressions at all times; instead, it expresses itself in different interesting ways.
Celebrating your achievements is a way to acknowledge the contribution of others who stood with you and enabled you to succeed.
Success lies in one’s ability to learn from mistakes.
When you feel too positive to be doubtful, too optimistic to be fearful, and too determined to be defeated, you are undeniably on the way to success.
Celebrating milestones and benchmarks in work and in life might turn out to be a good way to carve your life.
We should think about our strengths, priorities and goals, which will further help us manage our mind and commit ourselves to success.
Even if you’ve tried but failed for one reason or the other, you can always forgive yourself since you did your best at that moment.
Instead of going out and looking for someone successful who could serve as a role model and guide your path to success, be yourself and inspire yourself to achieve that which you always wanted to achieve.
As long as you gave everything you had and you didn't let it break you, it could never be considered a failure.
We Gain, We Lose, We Aspire, We Become
People often look at the same direction! But success comes from people looking in different directions!
Courage is life's only measure.
Success doesn’t come over night it’s the constant perseverance you give. The small steps you take every day striving for that goal. These fractions that lead to whole numbers during your journey is the only way to get there.
There are millions of ways to make millions of dollars legally.
Real victory is based on surrender to the right things, while failure is based on the unwillingness to surrender to anything.
Yet despite the complexity of contemporary society, there are still some simple formulas we can use to distill the path to social and economic flourishing. One of these, labeled the “Success Sequence,” and credited to Ron Haskins and Isabel Sawhill of the left-of-center Brookings Institute, proposes a three-step rule book for modern American life:  1. Finish high school. 2. Get a job. (Any job. Because working leads to more working, which leads to better jobs.) 3. Get married before having children.   When people follow this pattern—and crucially, in this order—life generally turns out pretty well.
The environment that most influences our health and our chances of attaining wealth is the one between our ears.
when it comes to following passion people hardly invest five hours a day with consistency. And then they complain that passion does not feed anyone
It is evil to give up on someone before them.
Now and then you will get stuck in life, but choose to push yourself to your maximum capabilities and to your fullest potential. That is how you will make it.
Richness is achieving peace of mind and finding joy working with business partners who are honest, reliable, balanced and trustworthy.
Earn a living doing things that suit you. Find things that you are interested in, even passionate about and investigate possible ways to monetize them.
Success, don't flatter yourself! You're not that important.
Fighting is less effective than doing nothing.
Enthusiasm is one of the most powerful engines of success. When you do a thing do it with all your might. Be active, be energetic, be enthusiastic and faithful, and you will accomplish your objective.  								~
A person’s selection of a vocation is a crucial step with significant ramification relating to their degree of financial success, personal happiness, and sense of contributing the best part of themselves – their unique talent – to the community.
Incremental progress leads to long-lasting results.
Treat others with respect. Carry yourself with an air of humility. Nobody likes to work with someone who is arrogant, egotistical or a “know-it-all.
To achieve happiness, make time for family, spirituality, different types of income-producing work, seed-planting, crop-harvesting, and community service.
Identify and release fears, grudges, failures, traumas and other obstacles that hold you back from being the person you are designed to be.
Willpower is a giant vehicle that pick and drop you at particular destination
When you die, leave no dream left behind. Leave no opportunity left behind. When you leave this earth, accomplish every single thing you could accomplish. You're gonna be a hero one day, but you will never get here if you give up! If you give in, IF you quit, you finally gotta wanna succeed as bad as you wanna breathe.
Everything changed when I switched from saying “I have to do this” to “I GET to do this”. When I started viewing my art as a way to serve instead of building for my own profit. When I tried to meet people with an open heart and a will to love them instead of guarding my own history of solitude and brokenness.   Dedication. Giving. Loving. That is the goal.
Putting people in boxes is either valuable or wicked depending on your end goal.
Fuller uses the metaphor of a ship's rudder. He says when the rudder of a ship is angled to one side or another, the ship tends to keep rotating beyond the helmsman's intention. He has to correct the rotation, moving it back toward the original direction in a never-ending process of action and reaction, adjustment and correction. Picture that in your mind - a helmsman on a quiet sea, gently guiding his boat toward its destination by coping with thousands of inevitable deviations from its course. It's a lovely image, and it's a wonderful model for the process of living successfully.
Fuller uses the metaphor of a ship's rudder. He says when the rudder of a ship is angled to one side or another, the ship tends to keep rotating beyond the helmsman's intention. He has to correct the rotation, moving it back toward the original direction in a never-ending process of action and reaction, adjustment and correction. Picture that in your mind - a helmsman on a quiet sea, gently guiding his boat toward its destination by coping with thousands of inevitable deviations from its course. It's a lovely image, and it's a wonderful model for the process of living successfully.
I will not give up this chase  I will not give up this phase   I will not let rejection stop me  I will not let failure deter me   I will not let struggles affect me  I will not let hardwork thwart me   Come on sing with me   I will not give up this chase  I will not give up this phase
Great things truly have small beginnings.
I refuse to achieve 'success' at the expense of my life.
Imagining your ideal life success story is LESS about WHAT you want to do and MORE about WHO you want to become.
Success is certain if you act
Life is too short to mess things up. Go make shit happen.
Your every extraordinary success immediately becomes an extraordinary motivation for others! He who raises himself also raises others!
Success requires summiting all of you in totality, it requires sacrifice even when it is not convenient.
There are many ways to say thank you, the best way is to say out loud, “I Love Myself”... From - I Love Myself-Discover A Life Through Self-Love
When failure wasn't an option, she liked to tell herself, the only remaining possibility was success.
None of us are making it out of here alive. You could always earn more money and buy nicer things, but you can never earn or buy more time. So just enjoy your life as much as you can.
In business, build a runway. Make sure it's long enough to build enough momentum to lift off and fly. Put the right team in place to get it done.
Identify your largest obstacle to success. Take responsibility for moving yourself beyond that obstacle.
Success doesn't suddenly fall out of the sky into your lap. It's the result of taking one step, each day, in the direction of your dreams.
Find a way for all parties to win and achieve success. You will be much happier and find fulfillment in life.
Build systems and methods that incubate ideas, facilitate cooperation and spark growth.
If I had to embrace a definition of success, it would be that success is making the best choices we can ... and accepting them
Your name is not sufficient for your identity
Instead of visualizing the price of failure try visualizing the rewards of success. You'll make it.
Determination may require you to burn all your boats at times, but always be prepared to build bridges, for success.
The artist who cannot conquer difficulties is not going to be much of a success.
As a teacher, no matter what grade level, no matter how hard you try to engage the entire class or implement the suggestions above, you will still encounter “that one kid” who will get under your skin: the class clown, the smart-ass, the student who acts like you are pulling his teeth every time you ask him to do something, the kid who always has to say “this is stupid.” They are just part of the clientele base we serve and they can drive us to drinking (figuratively speaking…and sometimes literally).   Please remember that you are the adult.  The negativity or resistance “that one kid” radiates can be handled in a way that does not disturb the class structure.
The most powerful enemies influence and defeat you in your mind.
Your grandma used to always tell me that just because something is over doesn't mean it wasn't successful. All things end at some point.
Mediocre individuals often try to mold you into an ordinary person like themselves. But it’s not possible, just as it’s impossible to fit the entire Universe into a pocket.
I always wished the Lord had created a humanity that doesn't have to waste so much of their precious time sleeping… and fighting different types of software bugs.
I believe humanity would develop their way forward quicker if a human didn't have to waste so much time on sleep and fighting countless software and device bugs.
If you think that any road to massive success takes loads, and loads, and loads of work, you are wrong. The truth is, it takes even more effort, dedication, guts, sacrifices, resourcefulness, and patience than you can ever foresee.
So rarely do we meet either with easy success or with irreversible defeat.
If your plans are failing, search your motives. If you're doing things for the wrong reasons, do not expect God to back you up.
Not all roads lead to salvation. Some lead to oblivion.
A setback is often a prerequisite to your success; not a life sentence.
Every generation is undersupplied with people who publicize their failures but hide their successes, and oversupplied with those who do the opposite.
NEVER DOUBT THE POWER OF PAIN. PAIN CAN HELP YOU SEE LIFE WITH CLARITY,  IT CAN BOOST YOUR MIND AND INCREASE CREATIVITY, AND IT CAN HELP YOU ACHIEVE SUCCESS AND PROSPERITY.
ALWAYS BELIEVE IN THE POWER OF PAIN. PAIN CAN HELP YOU SEE LIFE WITH CLARITY,  IT CAN BOOST YOUR MIND AND INCREASE CREATIVITY, AND IT CAN HELP YOU ACHIEVE SUCCESS AND PROSPERITY.
Limitless Passion &amp; Exploration of Ideas, Fearless of Failures &amp; Free of Self-Doubts and Decisive Execution towards an Objectively Progressive Goal is all it takes to make me keep learning and improving.
Neither our greatest fears nor our greatest hopes are beyond the limits of our strength – we are able in the end to dominate the first and to achieve the second.
Balance Happiness within your Personal Development.
Being a genius doesn’t necessarily make you successful,” Auntabelle said, looking at Trent. “Getting along with people, understanding people, and having social skills, technical skills, and people skills along with hard work can help a person become successful. Not just inheritance.” - Amazon Lee Adventures in China by Kira G. and Kailin Gow
The measure of someone success can be determined by their ability to fall and rise again.
You can have everything in life you want, if you will just help enough other people get what they want.
The ability to redefine failure as an opportunity to learn is a critical skill for any effective entrepreneur, and it is best to learn early.
It is not a matter if you fail, but how well you fail.
Quitting is the only thing that really brings permanent failure.
Failed attempt is just one step closer to finding a solution. Keep working through the failure, it will just be one step closer to success.
Failure always laughs at you in public, whereas Success, always hugs you in private.” That is “The Reality of Life.
Always try one more time before you quit all your hopes.
Time is precious. Don't waste on matters which is not important.
Balancing what you need to do with what you want to do can lead to happiness and success.
As much as I loved all the academic and extracurricular work I did, I hated the intense pressure to succeed: pressure from my parents and pressure from within myself. And, specifically, pressure to succeed in something that would land me a lucrative job out of college rather than what necessarily what made me happiest.
Tomorrow never comes, so do it today.
Lack of success doesn’t happen to us; it’s caused by us.
Sometimes failure is the beginning of success
You are in danger of living a life so comfortable and soft, that you will die without ever realizing your true potential.
Rick, the world is before you; and it is most probable that as you enter it, so it will receive you. Trust in nothing but in Providence and your own efforts. Never separate the two, like the heathen waggoner. Constancy in love is a good thing, but it means nothing, and is nothing, without constancy in every kind of effort. If you had the abilities of all the great men, past and present, you could do nothing well without sincerely meaning it and setting about it. If you entertain the supposition that any real success, in great things or in small, ever was or could be, ever will or can be, wrested from Fortune by fits and starts, leave that wrong idea here or leave your cousin Ada here.
You can be born in a fucking sewer and still be the baddest motherfucker on earth.
Where are our heroes? Where are our role models? Why are we leaving youth behind and laughing at the ones who are still there? Why not help each other out instead? with a little grace. with a little compassion. Love for all and everyone around because we’re all stumbling or succeeding back and forth, every day, and I want more community. I want helpers and guidance. Am I helping someone? I don’t know, but since the tender age of eighteen I have written down my stories and experiences of love and loss and youth, just so these stories can exist in the world. For someone out there to find and read and feel a voice in my words saying, “I’ve been there, I’ve done this, you can too: come, follow me.” Have you ever lost something by teaching what you know, and learning what you don’t know? Have you ever lost something by helping someone in need, or letting someone help you while in need? Have you lost something by loving? In comparison, how much have you lost by meeting someone with ignorance and hate?  Love. I will choose love. And I’m scared and shy, of everyone and everything, to make a fool of myself; to be laughed at; to not be what people would like me to be. But I will choose love because that’s the sort of person I want to be.
It takes many years to become an overnight success.
Education is not the key to success; Education is key for success.
If you think what you tried and couldn't achieve yesterday isn't possible, think again. Today's a new day. You're stronger. It's another opportunity to rise and get things done.
Extra knowledge adds no value unless you put it into action or share it with others.
We do not need to strive to be average.
Once motivated, we likely perform better and succeed faster when we receive encouragement.
An Encourager makes habits out of envisioning success for themselves and others and teaching us to do the same.
Respecting, understanding, and appreciating people makes us better people.
You can’t change the world if the world doesn’t know who you are.
Emotional quotient is more important for one's success than the Intelligence quotient
Comfort zones are overrated. When you embrace the unfamiliar and uncomfortable in all areas of life, your progress will start soaring.
Live life king size and serve others.
Rick, the world is before you; and it is most probable that as you enter it, so it will receive you. Trust in nothing but in Providence and your own efforts. Never separate the two, like the heathen waggoner. Constancy in love is a good thing, but it means nothing, and is nothing, without constancy in every kind of effort. If you had the abilities of all the great me, past and present, you could do nothing well without sincerely meaning it and setting about it. If you entertain the supposition that any real success, in great things or in small, ever was or could be, ever will or can be, wrested from Fortune by fits and starts, leave that wrong idea here or leave your cousin Ada here.
Provide tremendous value to as many people as possible, and you will attract blessings into your life.
Balance, that's the secret, moderate extremism.
If you want to go big, failing repeatedly is part of the deal.
When you speak negative. Do negative think negative. Live a negative life. Negative things will happen to you. Then your whole life will fall apart. Live positively and your life will be filled with joy.
If you can't handle my shame then you don't deserve to be part of my fame.
To succeed is always to fail-in the sense that the more one succeeds in anything, the greater is the need to go on succeeding. To eat is to survive to be hungry.
The measuring of worth and success in the terms of time, and the insistent demand for assurances of a promising future, make it impossible to live freely both in the present and in the "promising" future when it arrives. For there is never anything but the present, and if one cannot live there, one cannot live anywhere.
The emptiest people are full of themselves.
Busy people make “to-do” lists when what they need is to reflect and create “stop-doing” lists.
Be more than motivated, be more than driven, become literally obsessed to the point where people think you're fucking nuts.
Success is not about material things. Success is about the happiness you feel in your heart and the happiness you give to others in your life.
Life isn’t about luck, but being ready to receive opportunities.
You don’t need to doubt yourself – plenty of people will do that for free!
Success is only rented, and you pay the rent daily.
It’s not how much you make each month that matters — it’s how much you save along with the flexibility and time outside work that you have.
Lions don't worry about what lambs think.
Ordinary people achieve extraordinary goals when they put “Extra” first.
Avoid arguing with cynics and pessimists as they will only drain your energy and time.
No longer satisfied with what we already have, we treat our withdrawal pains by incrementally upping the dosage. More shoes, more booze, more sex, more food, more "likes," just more. This phenomenon is known as hedonic adaptation&gt;
Be careful...Mind Who You Open Up to: Not All Sympathies Are Real, Besides...You Don't Need Sympathy, You Only Need Grace!
The questions you ask determine the reality you create for yourself and others.
As you increase the number of people you are able to communicate with, your value rises.
Many limitations exist only in your mind.
Rather than wither away, I wish for you to grow and flourish in all aspects of life.
Success is math; not magic. It is the sum of a behavioral equation… not the spontaneous fruition of wishful thinking.
The line between greatness and insanity is very thin, James. Many great people actually cross over it more than once.
To be truly successful you have to break away from the crowds, popularity and your ego for a while. Somewhere you can work towards achieving your goals, say no to distractions and concentrate on studying and practicing.
Success often feels surprisingly empty. That holds true not just for financial success, but for the kind of self-improvement we've always thoughts to be healthy and good.
I've traveled the world, I've searched the literature. Nothing has answered my questions like the life and words of Jesus. I'm not into religion, I'm into a relationship with him. Several years ago I was in a Seattle airport washroom during an earthquake (what a place to die!). I'd been on a trip to check out a job offering three times my current salary. I'd been dreaming about a step up the ladder, about all the stuff I could buy, all the prestige I could have. But the earthquake shook me hard. (As the place shook, the guy in the stall next to me yelled, 'Did I do that?') Back on the plane, I wrote down my definition of success on an airline napkin: 'I will consider myself a success when I'm walking close to Jesus every day, when I'm building a strong marriage and performing meaningful work. I'll consider myself a success when I'm making others homesick for heaven.' That's my life mission and I can't believe how much fun I'm having following it.
Sometimes life doesn’t unfold the way you want it. But don’t despair, stay calm and go with the flow.  One day you will realize  that the present is better of what you had wished for.
Change your perspective of yourself, and you will experience a personal transformation.
Your priorities determine your happiness — place them in order and act on them.
You cannot ensure continual success by looking outside of yourself. You will never find lasting satisfaction there. Things change. Fads come and go, but the approach that breeds success can plant and grow within you.
People only know what you say “Yes” to – they don’t see all the activities you declined, and the tough choices you made.
Like branches in a tree, we all grow in different directions, yet our roots remain as one.                  Poem 'Forked Branches' 2010 Rise Up and Salute the Sun, pg. 108
Real happiness comes from inside yourself, not external factors.
The secret is to enjoy life now and don’t wish away days waiting for better ones in the future.
When you adopt an alternative mindset, you enter a new world.
Change yourself to improve. Change often to improve faster, and to lead — be the change.
You are who you build yourself to be.
In stressful situations, people defer to the person with the best plan.
When you give without needing anything in return, it provides you infinite flexibility and power.
I’ve learned more from discomfort than I could ever have learned from pleasure.
Help someone smile and laugh today.
Why is the fact that each of us comes from a culture with its own distinctive mix of strengths and weaknesses, tendencies and predispositions, so difficult to acknowledge? Who we are cannot be separated from where we’re from—and when we ignore that fact, planes crash.
If you were going to compete successfully in a white man's world, you had to learn to play the white man's game. It was not enough that an Indian be as good as; an Indian had to be better than.
Don’t just cautiously step through life to reach death safely.
If you attain fame and fortune, and do not attain gratitude along with it, the chances are that you will not enjoy that fame or that fortune.
Your name is your brand and your brand is your name. If you can take your name and market it. Make it a brand and make it a business.You are successful.
Speed will not take you to success but right direction will.
A single strike parts a champion from a corpse.” – Praesi proverb
Many of us get caught up in our own worldview and lock up our own potential. Anyone who can break free of this can fully use their potential to become rich.
Don’t get discouraged or compare yourself to people. Focus on improving yourself each day, slowly but surely.
Having the right mindset is paramount for success.
Learn how to lead, with your body and actions, not words.
Your creation is the metaphor of your felicity!
Success is not someone discovering you. It’s you discovering yourself.
I learned that when one needs anything very badly, it is very difficult for him to find anyone who wishes to help him get it, but when one gets over the hump, achieves recognition, and no longer needs help, then just about everybody on earth wants to do something for him.
No one believes in your dream but you. And it’s up to you to make it happen.
Never apologize for being you.
Good fortune is multiplied by our effort, not added to it. If your effort is zero and you multiply it, the outcome is still zero. In the end, you’ve gained nothing.
If your life flashed before your eyes right now, would it be worth watching?
People will travel across the globe to observe and experience what they ignore at home.
You can’t grab opportunities if you are still clinging to last year’s junk.
Marketers everywhere subtly reinforce your concerns and doubts – why do you fall for it?
Be smart by being alert.
Clever people learn from their mistakes; wise people study other people’s errors first.
Who you meet is more important than where you go. Adventures are best remembered by the depth of connections with friends, not countries visited.
I firmly believe strangers are just friends I haven’t met yet.
Let’s do life together – it’s far better.
If we’ve sowed the seeds of good fortune in our unconscious minds, we’ll harvest their fruit when the time comes without fail.
Invest your time and money in connecting yourself and others.
You are as invincible as you decide to be.
With this morning’s sunrise comes a day of things that have never been.
If it doesn’t fit comfortably within your heart, let it go.
Unlike Saturn who prefers limiting its territory to a manageable size, Jupiter actually goes out and takes chances. And surprisingly, the more chances one seems to take, the more likely one can find opportunities.
For example, Angelina Jolie had Uranus transiting her 10th House roughly from 2010/11-2018/19, the House containing her Midheaven. As we can see, her popularity exploded in this period and she was propelled to stardom. Since Uranus rules sudden changes, her reputation in the tabloids seemed to fluctuate to either side. We may possibly see her return to more normal levels of stardom in 2019 once Uranus leaves her 10th House in March. However, as the Coarse Tuning Map has shown us, she is still well underway to manifest further success. Though now it may be in the slower, traditional Saturn way, together with the easygoing, occasional fortune of the Jupiter way.
Another interesting example of this sudden thrust into the limelight from 2010/11-2018/19 is the case of Meghan, Duchess of Sussex (Rodden Rating AA), who like Angelina also had Uranus transiting her 10th House, containing her Midheaven. Early in her career, she had difficulty getting roles as an actress until she landed the part of Rachel Zane in July 2011 in the popular Suits TV Show, a role which suddenly made her popular. As if her instant success wasn’t enough, she also dated and eventually married into royalty as is well-known. Like Angelina, her reputation in the mainstream media seems to swing either way as well. As Uranus leaves her 10th House in 2019, we may find a settling down of her career and reputation sphere, perhaps as she eases more comfortably into her royal life.
The best way of handling astrological transits is to go with the flow. If the Universe is leading you to a certain place by hook or by crook, there’s probably a reason.
I thank you for your time. I can’t say that I wish you success—as we all have our turns with it, after all. However, I will wish you peace, happiness, and enlightenment—things that not everyone, even the most powerful, is successful at having.
Letting go doesn’t mean giving up, it means moving on.
Decide today that there’s going to be a plot twist in your life story. Be that twist.
It is not too late, friends, to dig up that buried dream and give it breath again.
You have a work to do that will never be accomplished if you don’t move forward today.
Goals are dots that connect us to our dreams.
Run, lift, stretch, move, move, move to live
Health is the gift we give ourselves every time we workout.
Thus, lacking the necessary follow-through required for sustained success, pure Jupiterian energy will not succeed. It can translate to a case of easy come, easy go. On the other hand, pure Saturnian energy would struggle without Fortune’s favor. Here we will see diligent people beset with trials and tribulations, one after another.
No one was placed on this earth without a purpose. Everyone matters.
No more wanting. It’s time to work. No more hoping. It’s time to help yourself. No more dreaming. It’s time to do. No more waiting for something good to happen to us, it’s time to make something good happen through us.
Saturn is a hard master. You may deny him all your life but when he comes knocking at your door, you will have no choice but to deliver.
As such, it is in my humble opinion as an astrologer that Donald Trump will not be impeached as long as Saturn is in Capricorn. However, as Saturn enters his 7th House in Aquarius in December 2020 up until March 2023, he will experience a major obstacle that may compel him to readjust his Goal. As such, it can present itself as possible difficulties if he tries for re-election, forcing him to modify his strategy and rethink his moves. Or, it could have something to do with marriage troubles (the 7th House is concerned with relationships, after all). But it would be a temporary hurdle. All’s well for him as he is still in the steady climb state until 2028, when Saturn enters his 10th House and halts his progress, so he can still get re-elected either in 2020 or 2024 should he retain his Goal of becoming President.
Be aware. Be awake. Appreciate that today is a gift that will be gone tomorrow.
Life is in motion so everything is changing: your body, your mind, your relationships, your environment. You can’t control what happens around you, but you have control of what happens within you.
Opportunity flies on wings. If you want to seize it, you must be willing to catch it.
The celebration of a new year has little to do with a new calendar and everything to do with a new start.
Do something you’ve never done to achieve something you’ve never achieved.
What happened before does not determine what will happen next. YOU DO.
Every morning we get to reach into a treasure box and hear life whisper, “I’ll give you what you choose and I’ll multiply what you choose to share.
The curtain has fallen on the past, the performance has gone dark and the actors have moved on. Applaud the show, but don’t stay in the dark, hoping for a reprisal that will never come. It’s time to get up and move toward the next act, the one that stars YOU.
Take an inventory of the people to whom you are indebted for the good life you have. Honor them with a good thought, a thank you note, or an act of service. There’s nothing more empowering than the human connection.
To live is to risk a broken heart and a broken limb. It’s going where you’ve never ventured, it’s loving without guarantee that you’ll be loved back, it’s tasting, smelling, seeing, touching, and hearing new senses. It’s daring to do what you’re on this planet to do. Only you can decide what that is.
Visibility is not vulnerability. It is an important step on the ladder of success to stand out as an individual.
Success at work can be attained only when you have a sincere willingness to follow the path that is right for you.
Success is not about perfection. It is about being authentic.
Not all people can change their destination in life, but they can change the route that they take to get there.
What Would You Do If You Knew You Could Not Fail?
You are young, so young that failure seems impossible.
It is not wrong to feel down or disappointed, what is wrong is to quit. As long you are doing the right thing you are on the right track, and you will succeed by God's will.
Schooling isn't important to get success but studies, experiences and skills are essential.
When I tested decisions made up by intellect and the ones when followed intuition, the latter always won.
The Fifth Law: With persistence success can come at any time.
The First Law: Performance drives success, but when performance can’t be measured, networks drive success.
The Second Law: Performance is bounded, but success is unbounded.
The Third Law: Previous success × fitness = future success.
The Fourth Law: While team success requires diversity and balance, a single individual will receive credit for the group’s achievements.
Success often came not from being in the right place at the right time, but from being able to recognise being in the right place at the right time.
We make and create riches and wealth to give 'em all away .... before we expire
In order to be FREE, you have to be BRAVE.
SUCCESS requires SACRIFICE.
Those who invest the most, get the greatest success.
[Life] is like a go player who, not wasting a move, gets the jump on his opponent by sacrificing a small advantage to achieve a great one. It is easy, of course, to sacrifice three stones in order to get ten. The hard thing is to sacrifice ten stones in order to gain eleven.
Don't let someone else's opinion influence your own observations
Don't wait to find out that life waited for you.
It is extremely difficult, if not impossible, to think well of yourself while you are envious.
The road to success isn’t necessarily the road to happiness.
when you wait to be praised by others;  when you wait to be valued by others;  when you wait to be welcomed by others;  when you wait to be loved by others,  then ask yourself who are you to others!?  Well, you will find that the simplest answer is that you are NOTHING to others and NOTHING to your own self. Your goal in life is to live your own life and create your own destiny and not to live other peoples' lives and their own destiny and for sure not their own tastes and feelings.
To believe in yourself and to follow your dreams, to have goals in life and a drive to succeed, and to surround yourself with the things and the people that make you happy - this is success!
Don’t be afraid to be afraid, have the courage to face fear, and jump - there are lots of great things that happen when we decide to take risks."  (C)(P) Tânia Tomé
Let you welcome each morning in your life with much admiration &amp; joy regardless of your hesitations, confusions, uncertainties &amp; vulnerabilities. Let you persistently shower your world with all your love &amp; affections while improving your relationship with yourself. Let you work hard to grow &amp; to overcome your challenges while remaining dedicated to remain healed, healthy, happy &amp; unruffled. Let your extraordinariness survive under the hair-raising circumstances &amp; makes you more remarkable, beautiful, astounding, unmistakable &amp; heavenly with each such episode. Let you always be celebrated for being a saving grace &amp; alchemist by your beloved ones &amp; society at large. Stay Successful &amp; Blessed!
Relativity, in our case, means that success is relative to the time frame you choose to measure it with. An hour? A month? A year? A decade? A lifetime?
Now, many people have a problem with their bubbles being burst. Some people don’t want to go back into reality—they just want to be left alone with their ideas, daydreams, and fantasies. When Saturn comes to meet them, weighs their dreams against reality and finds the same wanting, they get a little sore. When they want a castle but Saturn brings them a bungalow because that’s all they could afford, they could get a little mad and pouty. I myself do, sometimes.
For a change, don't add new things in your life as a new year's resolution. Instead, do more of what's already working for you and stop doing things that are time-waste.
Be like the lotus, believe in your strengths; grow through the dirt.
So it’s up to you where you want to go…. You will decide whether to chase an infinite target or a measurable value.
We can’t build our destiny by carrying rented thoughts in mind.
Take control over your goal; be the driver, not the passenger. Don’t let anyone else decide your goal.
Nourishing the known you is gain; struggling with the unknown you is a pain.
Every odd is unique. There is a reason behind every odd; every such scene around us is backed by cause and effect relationship.
Success is not an outcome of hard work, but of work from the heart.
Winners have justification, losers have an excuse.
We are the creator of our own sorrow in the form of expectations, “Expectation hurts.
When what we have mastered becomes mundane, we feel pain. The antidote is pursuit.
It’s not ‘luck but well-directed efforts and hard work lead to success.
You won’t win every fight… but the key to success isn’t dominating every single battle; sometimes it’s retreating - living to fight another day when the odds are better, find your strengths, learn your weaknesses, pick your battles.
Impatience is even more unfortunate in the talented.
For you, if you attain your goal and cannot find some way to transcend the experience of having that goal be your entire existence, your raison de faire, so, then one of two things will happen...One, one is that you attain the goal and realize the shocking realization that attaining the goal does not complete you or redeem you, does not make everything for your life "OK" as you are, in the culture, educated to assume it will do this, the goal. And then you face this fact that what you had thought would have the meaning does not have the meaning when you get it, and you are impaled by shock...Or the other possibility of doom...They attain the goal, thus, and put as much equal passion into celebrating their attainment as they had put into pursuing the attainment. This is called here the Syndrome of the Endless Party. The celebrity, money, sexual behaviors, drugs and substances. The glitter. They become celebrities instead of players, and because they are celebrities only as long as they feed the culture-of-goal's hunger for the make-it, the winning, they are doomed, because you cannot both celebrate and suffer, and play is always suffering, just so.
I couldn’t wait for success - So I went a head without it.
It might take time, that needs patience and in the end, all the hard work is worthwhile, but just keep in mind your goals and purposes, and then use self-discipline as an invaluable tool to get to where you are going.
Guerrilla networking does not mean meeting people. It means becoming the type of person other people want to meet.
Doing one thing at a time is a recipe for a life that won't keep up with your dreams.
Rome was not built in one day; But one day Rome was built.
We try, we fail then we get in a loop and that's where things start working.
Be the sunshine you wish to have in your life
Don't fight your biology. Get out of your own way and make all your activity align with the same goal. Once you've achieved that goal - then you can pivot and work toward something else.
It's easy to run when people have someone to cheer for them but it's extremely difficult to run when you have no one cheer. But that's the reason why you must win the game. To earn the respect, applause's, cause everyone can't born with them.
My two keys to writing a good story: 1. Keep it simple, 2. Let the story be the star, not the words you use.
Don’t feel undeserving for the success you’ve worked for. Don’t sabotage your own progress in fear that you can’t live up to how awesome you really are. Wear your blessing proudly and pass your goodness on to everyone you meet. It will be the open hearted and the joyful minds that recognize your loving spirit and dedication.
The success of social media companies largely depends on our failure not to spend too much time on their platforms.
Success is the difference between feeling the fear and letting it stop you and feeling the fear and moving forward anyway.
We don't learn by our successes. To get far in life you have to fail. Numerous times.
Most overnight successes are about ten years in the making.
...God bless the man who first taught the world how to cure olives. He and the man who invented cheese are two unsung pillars of civilization."  "They were probably women," muttered Fatima, fanning her face with the sleeve of her robe. "If they were men, we would remember their names.
Happiness is like an outcome of a mechanical watch; you need to recharge your happiness hormones every day.
You don’t need to have a guide to succeed, rather need redirection of your thoughts.
If we followed our own advice, we'd be successful.
Seek new skills.
Gratitude tends to attract the things for which we are grateful in advance.
Stop worrying about your competition; focus on increasing your value proposition.
There’s a direct correlation between integrity and results.
When principles guide you, the shiny stuff isn’t a distraction; it’s just a pretty thing to admire as you walk by on the path to success.
Some of the people who are showing off their speed are headed in the wrong direction.
If you’re about to break, go for broke.
Breakdowns create breakthroughs.
If they don’t celebrate with you in your small wins, then they certainly don’t deserve the benefits of your BIG wins.
Stay true to yourself, yet always be open to learn. Work hard, and never give up on your dreams, even when nobody else believes they can come true but you. These are not cliches but real tools you need no matter what you do in life to stay focused on your path.
Rightly or wrongly, I want you to spend your life making music where the angels sing along. Being a reflection. I think that'd be a life well spent. I failed to say that before now, and for that I'm sorry. If I may offer one excuse - I've never raised a son before. Please allow a few mistakes. I'm figuring this out as we go.
Don't mock someone's business just because yours have higher profits. The battle is against poverty not against each other
Success is decision whereas failure is the declaration.
The success of a leader is determined by how much he or she can positively enable others.
As fathers, expressing our affection to our children is a must, regardless of their ages. Some may think we only do this for our young children, but the fact is everyone, no matter the age, longs for his or her father's sense of assurance. As grown-ups, we too, desire our fathers to put their arms around us sometimes and say, "It's okay, son" or "You are doing good, daughter." Many fathers have neglected this fundamental act of love.
Nobody can do you better than you do you.
I’ve learned that the long-game is the shortcut.
SLEEP DREAM CREATE ENJOY  NOT EVERYONE CAN MAKE THEIR DREAMS COME TRUE, BUT YOU CAN!
Some people plan on being disciplined as soon as they achieve something that cannot be achieved without discipline.
Woman! Get To The Throne Room, Shun The Phone Booth...The Solution Is In The Throne Room!
Comfort and the fear of change are the greatest enemies of success.
Patience doesn't mean waiting. It means being steadfast despite opposition.
Do it immediately. Do it imperfectly. Winners do it now.
To blame my failures on the lack of resources is less about the lack of resources and more about my unwillingness to access those resources.
What if you measured success by the well-being it generates for yourself and others? What if success is doing well enough today so that you can get up and do it again tomorrow?
...nothing succeeds like success.
What successful people have in common is that they don’t let their fears or excuses stop them. They overcome and conquer them, then they reach success and are able to fulfill their Destiny.
Sometimes you have to do things you don’t like or want to do, in order to be the best you can be, do the things you were destined to do and to fulfill your Destiny.
I’m so optimistic my blood type is B Positive!
Sometimes suffering is the sacrifice you have to make to achieve greatness, success and your destiny.
Ability determines if you can; attitude determines if you will.
DeWeese asks, 'Does this tie in with what you were doing on "Quality?"' 'It's the direct result of it,' I say. I remember something and look at DeWeese. 'Didn't you advise me to drop it?' 'I said no one had ever succeeded in doing what you were trying to do.' 'Do you think it's possible?' 'I don't know. Who knows?' His expression is really concerned. 'A lot of people are listening better these days. Particularly the kids. They're really listening... and not just at you- to you... to you. It makes all the difference.
Leave God out of your mess and go look in the mirror instead.
Who are you trying to protect, punish or please by not succeeding?
After working with thousands of people who had lost their No, I realized that there are three distinct aspects to Find Your No that you must master if you want to stop being a people-pleaser and start living the life you were meant to. You must find your personal no, find your interpersonal no, and find your global no. To find your personal no you examine the activities you're doing, and determine which ones are draining your time, money, or energy that you've allowed to continue.... Use the three-step detect (I see the demand), deflect (I ask what's behind it), and reflect (I synergize) method to find your interpersonal no... Your Global No deals with one fundamental issue, that of integrity.
Some people are troubled by their mediocrity. Some, by their greatness.
Nobody can predict how successful you are going to be in life. Only you will find that out through your own choices. Give yourself a chance to make those choices for the right reasons, and chances are success will find you.
Be the person you are, succeed the best way you can and take pride in what you achieve.
I pray for your kindness more than your success, because the latter without the former is a tragedy.
...the basic tools that have always produced amazing young adults: hard work, failure, simplicity, gratefulness, restraint and discipline.
Finding the key will set you free.  The Key to WELLNESS The Key to HAPPINESS The Key to SUCCESS The Key to FREEDOM The Key to your HEART  what does that Key look like?  It could be as simple as knowledge, understanding,forgiveness,awareness,courage letting go,trusting your SOUL,following your HEART  YOU are the KEY,  YOU set yourself FREE
Try harder to learn, than to shine
Believe that you can fly, and you will. Believe that you can't, and you won't.
We need not compare ourselves to others in order to gauge our success. We need only compare ourselves to the people we used to be.
I’m so optimistic my blood type is B Positive
To live as a carbon copy of everyone else is to not live at all.
That you have just caught success after chasing it for many years does not mean that death will stop chasing you for at least a few seconds.
Engaged communication is a pursuit of excellence. Communicating attentively and engagingly is striving to be the best you can be.
Be humble. Your success depends on it.
The path we traveled more accurately measures our growth and success than our destination does.
Success happens when you change not when others change
Success is built overtime not overnight
Only rarely had Barry seen women combine humor with success.
We ought to readily share our successes with those with whom we readily share our problems.
Too often success is confused with popularity and profits.
Don't blindly follow someone, follow market and try to hear what it is telling you.
You never know what kind of setup market will present to you, your objective should be to find opportunity where risk reward ratio is best.
Don’t fear to fail, fear to miss out on taking the countless opportunities this world has to offer you.
Only sensual women can reignite men’s creativity and fire. They can increase their will to work hard and reach their fullest potential.
When building an organization, build teams. Assign different colors to each team so they create identities, affiliate, and merge to produce all that is needed for success. Balance the colors.
Choose to collaborate (abundance perspective) and watch your competitors (scarcity perspective) become your allies.
Success is built over-time not over-night
Everything I’ve done has been to try to make things better for my people, and we’ve succeeded. We’ve actually done what we set out to do.", FADE by Kailin Gow
Successful is one whose imitators are successful.
Our boundaries define our personal space - and we need to be sovereign there in order to be able to step into our full power and potential.
Your success as a disciple of Christ is not something you do; it is someone you disciple to also become a disciple-maker.
Nobody with style measures success in money. They measure it on the good impact they have on others.
A successful person doesn't make excuses. They deal with reality.
Growth doesn’t happen because we’ve accumulated some number of years. Growth happens when we learn. We mature when we are able to triumph over yesterday’s mistakes. Whatever success we have today is because we dared to fail and learned from it.
Ecce homo means behold the man. Behold the man and all his failures, if you can love him then God has forgiven and I have finally found a God worth serving with thin thighs and knots in her back. We have never kissed underneath a tree, I have never pushed your hair aside to shield the wind, I have never said whatever forces unseen and seen should be ours to smile eyes closed together. Buildings laugh at each other the way we do.
Boundaries and sensitivity are directly connected.
Save more than you spend, but do not hoard. Reinvest. Grow. Focus on replowing your fields so they bear fruit.
The ego wants to rule, but the heart will quietly prevail.
Your career is like a garden. It can hold an assortment of life’s energy that yields a bounty for you. You do not need to grow just one thing in your garden. You do not need to do just one thing in your career.
Creativity doesn't stick to business hours.
Want to detox yourself? Write down your dreams each morning in a journal and reflect. It's like cleaning out the cookies from your mental computer.
Trying to mix the right shade of blue to paint the ocean sky; not quite sure how it will turn out; jumping into something new here, like a big ocean of newness.
Keep it real; wear the "no photo shop seal
Connect with my energy, not my photographic image.
When we start attracting the right people and opportunities into our life, we just have to be thankful that The Universe is functioning properly...and that WE are functioning as we were designed to do so.
Live conservatively. Save more than you spend. Diversify your assets. Don't be a slave to your possessions; they're only "things." Money &amp; things are not who you are at your core. Your God-given talents define who you are, and what you offer.
When building a business, seek multiple yet complementary revenue streams. This will help you survive the ups &amp; downs of the economy.
If you net a profit, reward the "producers." Allocate a portion to innovation &amp; future growth. Place a portion in cash reserves to weather storms.
Early scientists were often ridiculed for their theories. Be open to replacing outdated belief systems with new ones.
When building your dream job, do not just create a system to take your clients' and customers' money. Build a system that helps them succeed. Then you all succeed. It's a win/win scenario based on integrity and mutual respect.
Embrace what success means to you. Not to the person next to you.
When you lose something you misused is when you realize how important it was to you
At the end of the day, what all people outright want from their life? To make their dreams come true, so as to escape from the mundane world. However, reality often prevents them from that. Others accept that fate, lacking the courage to follow their dreams or the belief that they will make it. They don't want to risk what they have built to walk on an undiscovered path that is uncertain where will lead. So, they stay in safe grounds.
It is difficult to create a new story when we are still living in our past stories.
To own you own happiness you must be willing to free yourself from the past and the stories that no longer serve you.
Getting into the habit of writing what you are grateful for every night is a must- do daily habit.
As a man's real power grows, and his knowledge widens, ever the way he can follow grows narrower, until at last he chooses nothing, but does only and wholly what he must do. - Ursula LeGuin
They want it. They get it. You get it. They want you.
Would you prefer to be known for your complaints or your contributions? Your issues or your ideas? Your drama or your dreams? Your reasons or your results?
Muck: A state of being that disempowered and fills us with self-doubt, self-hate, worry, fear, mediocrity, and an overall feeling of hopelessness from knowing that we are not living our lives to our full potential.
Before throwing money at someone else to make you successful, understand that success comes from within first.
We are infinite beings. Everything we need to succeed is already within us.
Growth cannot take place until we miche beyond what we have always known.
Sometimes we have to let others go in order to shine brighter.
Are you green and growing or ripe and rotting? This quote from McDonald's founder Ray Kroc neatly sums up our need to continuously innovate and create in our lives.
Your job is to keep faith it will work out, i'n it's own perfect way.
What amazing possibilities are you ready to take action on now?
The secret to shifting is a daily practice.
In business, the size of our success is partly attributable to the fear of failure that has prevented some people from being our competitors.
You Were My Success  *** Listen,  If you can hear the truth You can understand the pain That flows with tears I have won the world But lost my life Whereas,  My success and destiny  Have been just You.
Perfection is not the ultimate requirement in order someone to have a remarkable career and to deserve to have one, not only in music but everywhere.
No one has ever reached perfection in the first stations of a desirable destination.
Any tomorrow that will count must start from today.
Sometimes will is what eventually makes the difference.
Acting as if is a great technique to apply to real life... acting as if you're having the time of your life will actually alter your mood.
Your Hard is Silence, Let your success be your noise.
Each of us operates on three levels. The first is who we pretend to be. Underneath who we pretend to be is who we're worried we are. The third aspect of ourselves lives at the center: who we really are.
We are infinite beings. Everything that we need is already within us.
The secret to using affirmations in a way that works is to affirm what you know to be true now, not what you hope will be true in the future. Along those lines, affirm what is true in metaphysical reality. Don't use an affirmation to try to change anything in physical reality. Try this experiment to see what I mean: Say out loud the affirmation "I am wealthy. I have all the money I want." Now, say out loud "I am willing to be financially successful.
It is not a failure to readjust my sails to fit the waters I find myself in.
People who are going to be successful know it’s gonna happen. And those people tend to hustle until it does happen.
The ability to go from one failure to another without loss of enthusiasm is the ultimate foundation of success and strength.
A smart business owner learns from the mistakes of others.
A success? Selling the most valuable thing in ourselves.
Never think that you cannot rise above your problems, always think your problems cannot rise above you and you will overcome them.
Pressure is God's way of increasing your capacity.
With diligent determination, you can fulfill ypur dreams.
Don’t believe and rely on mainstream media or movies for the understanding of human behaviour. They are often misguided and are utopian.
My technique is my love for my profession, when you love to do something you do your best.
The only thing that hurts harder than a failure is not trying.
Don't follow money, let money follow your purpose
The reason why we don't progress or there are no job opportunities in our community and society is because ,when you start a business and people wish for it to fail. That some will do everything in their power to make it fail. They don't support it but they destroy it.
To win you must have the will.
Failure isn't the opposite of success, it's part of success. Failure becomes success when we learn from it.
No busques el éxito, para demostrarle aquellos que odiamos nuestra superioridad.
Determination, courage and self-confidence are the key factors for success
Failure is a destination for those who give up and success for those who keep trying.
Hard work is the best talent that I know, strangely, it works in all the fields of human endeavour.
The most successful people in history were made fun of, called "crazy", hated on, and ridiculed...because people didn't want to think a normal person like them could be successful. Thank God they didn't listen to the haters, because how else would the Founding Fathers of America establish America? - Kailin Gow, The American Adventure TV Series
If your career prevents or stops you from achieving happiness and success in your personal life, then it is not a life fulfilling one. People have more potential than fulfilling their careers. - Kailin Gow on Life Balance, Successful Career and Marriage
You become what you have as a need the most to become.
People rise in love but in ‘betrayed love’ they climb to unmatched heights.
Success hasn't any time allotment! Study while others are Sleeping; Work while others are Loafing; Prepare while others are Playing; And Dream while others are Wishing. No matter about the situation just keep it on and one day you're going to be proud-full at yourselves.
Wisdom does not always come with age. It comes from Experience. - Kailin Gow on Wisdom and Experience.
American society places tremendous importance upon egocentric behavior. Americans are encouraged to set ourselves apart from the group. Whereas in some societies it is an aberration to go against the whole, Americans celebrate the individual over the group. Public schools teach American grade school children that they are the captains of their destiny. American schools and society inculcate schoolchildren to measure their level of success in terms of individual accomplishments. A winner versus loser mentality prevails in American culture. Winners are the recipients of life’s economic awards. We are taught that possessing financial wherewithal will assist us attain exalted social status. Social status in turn allows select people to wield the power of influence. The silent audience consists of the economically deprived, the societal castaways whom we are taught to shun for lacking the temperament to succeed. A strong sense of self not only helps a person survive, but American society keeps score of a person’s economic victories and defeats. Americans measure the intrinsic value of our lives and recognize other people’s status principally in terms of each person’s relative economic resources.
Every step in life is a testing ground. Some active and perceptive people never stop blossoming regardless of what experience they encounter while other people seem to wilt with the slightest provocation.
When you finally make it, when you finally reach your level of greatness, the years of struggle that consumed you will all be swallowed up as if they were a moment in time. And you will come to realize that greatness was not the end result of being un-great, but that you demonstrated greatness every day along the way. #greatness
The proof of a great teacher is the successes of her students. The proof of a great business is the successes of their clients. Strive to bring out the best in people, then you will see over abundant successes. - Kailin Gow
Success is consistently doing what you said you would do with clarity, focus, ease, and grace. Success, seen this way, is an inside job. You don't compare yourself to anyone else. You don't even look at whether what you're doing is big or small. You look instead at the quality of your action and of your experience.
Mediocrity is always a safe option but never a satisfactory one.
Your deepest prayers are your sincerest actions. They are always rewarded.
Nothing can defeat you, if you make up your mind to fight and nothing can save you, if you have accepted defeat.
A Happy Day!.......Wishes of Riches, Songs of Love, Waters of Happiness,  Life of Purpose, Doses of Success, &amp; Days of Prosperity. Happy Birthday To You The Fan of Success.
Regret is not when you could not finish what you started but regret is when you do not start what you could have finished.
Sometimes you have to go through temporary discomfort and make temporary sacrifices; in order to get long term success and comfort.
The Mind Of A Visionary Can Travel To Paradise On Bear Foot.
We're all under pressure  Strangled by stresses If you treasure what you do have  That's the success, that's most impressive
Fear kills more dreams than failure ever will.
Anyone can deal with success, but only the wise can learn from failure.
Don't let your dreams stay buried under the comfort of your current success.
Work-life balance” seems to have become the best excuse for many people not to take responsibility for their professional and personal growth. But this “balance” that all of us love to talk about is not something conceptual. It is achieved by strategic, focused, hard work. It doesn’t come by default or when we say the magic words. That’s why many of us are leading lives far from our potential for success and fulfillment — because we wait for balance to happen, and it never does. I’ve been there, and it sucks.  Most of us haven’t taken a single hour of our lives to think about what work-life balance means to us. Needless to say, we put zero effort into planning about it, working for it, living it. Open your calendar and show me what your work-life balance looks like. In 99 percent of cases, it’s not there — it’s nowhere to be found.
Success comes to us only after our acceptance that being just good isn't good enough, we must put best of our efforts to become the best.
If I only go as far as I can take myself, I’m not all that certain that I’ve gone much of anywhere at all. But once I dared to look outside of myself, I realized that God hands out unlimited passes to the anywhere of everywhere.
Fear kills more dreams than failure ever will. Doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will.
To always win, you always need to be hungry!
The hit to men's self-esteem is made worse because men consistently view themselves as smarter and more competent than they actually are. One study found that men routinely overestimate their IQ by five points, while women underestimate theirs by the same amount.....Let's be absolutely clear on this: The men weren't lying. They truly believed that they performed better than they actually did. They were quite confident that their performance was superior. It can be devastating, then, to be faced with a woman who is more successful--implicitly suggesting the man has failed.
Celebrate every day, every moment, every success and every failure. Life is a celebration of love and consciousness.
Achievement is not about ‘doing something.’ Rather, it’s about ‘being someone.
The Leader who is successful does not impress anyone with stories he should inspire others with his integrity of choices.
Love with the motives does not have the success and embraces shame, and sorry.
If I die in the war, please never give my gun to my son. Instead, give him his mother's hoe. Let him feed the rest of the family. Never expose my son to a war in the North if he belongs to the South. After I die, whoever uses the gun powder next, wins the battle. The dead has no property, no honour, no peace and no more chances. If my son has a bloodline of the South, he will never come to my grave yard to cry. Instead, he understands that if the guns truely belong to mankind we will never die in the war. Weapon is made for weapon. It does not have respect for the buyer. The heart of a fighter is filled with pains and undeserved hatred. If the hatred is not default, then there is no need for war. No matter how justified we are and win, we have committed a crime. Hatred will bleed on. War cannot determine who is superior, only who is foolish. No desire is worth blood of a mankind. People commit war crimes. The real trouble with war is that people really don't understand what they get after the war is over. Majority don't kill the right people, they also descend to kill the PEACEMAKERS. None of my son will die in a war. If I die they will bury my gun. Their love for PEN and PAPER is a passionate metal. Never will I accept war if I am not involve with mankind. My dear sons, never you trust a politician. Everything a politician says are lies. He does everything for himself and has no regard for your life. Government may change but their lies will remain the same. If I were a president, I am sure I'm a fatherless son. Mankind are always malfunctioning and can never recover. Never you go into a war. The battle is not between mankind. It is of PRINCIPALITIES
The key ingredient to being successful is YOU. She encouraged herself, she believed in herself, she loved herself, and she NEVER doubted who she was. Her ambition, perseverance, resilience, and self-motivation were consistent. She was her own personal cheerleader every step of the way… She is me!
A man can never be what does not exist in his mind.
Shrewd branding is when you remind people that you exist by strategically and periodically engaging them on a wide range of topics without asking them to buy anything. If you prove interesting, trust that they'll look you up. Now I must get back to my steak.
There is no million dollar idea, no million dollar plan or business. There is only million dollar personality. People deal with people, people buy from people. It is not important what is said, how it is said but who said it.
Want to write a book, start and write it out. Don’t try to be perfect, don’t think about perfect plot, perfect marketing strategy etc. Start is the most difficult part of any journey.
Ultimately if you became super rich and successful,your mind will become placid and calm. Do it now! This is essence of meditation and enlightenment.
Greed and fear rule the market. Share market is common sense and understanding of investor psychology and has nothing to do with head and shoulder patterns nor candlestick patterns or hockey stick chart or cup formation and so on and so forth.
In life, success is important, but the journey towards happiness is most important.
You're responsible for your journey in life, no one else. You have to know the destination to go there. Others can help show you the way, but no one can take you there.
Start your journey with purpose and vision, then pursue it with great passion.
Knowledge is important, but understanding is everything
An attitude of gratitude is the best outfit to wear when looking for success and happiness.
Success is nothing but a perception of triumph in the face of tragic failure
Not your money, but your education, can lead you to your desired destination.
True education fills the heart with wisdom and kindness.
The most important goal of education is to pursue the ultimate purpose of life and achieve success with happiness.
Never give up your desire to be what you want to be. Stay focused, persistent and relentless.
In life, we work not to become successful but to enjoy the journey and gain experience.
Nobody wants to get lost and end up in a homeless shelter, but you may if you don't have a definite destination with a clear map.
The key to success is not hard work, it is love.
You can't cross the ocean of life just by dreaming about it, you have to jump in and swim
When you better yourself, everything comes easier
Often times success doesn't come from strength, but from flexibility and adaptability
To be noble, help others to succeed
You plan by dreaming, you learn by doing, and you succeed by persisting.
Every success demands some kind of sacrifice, so don't fear to do it, just do it with love.
The past will never find you to hurt you, but it never forgets to remind you of the lessons you have learned from the successes and failures of the past.
Problems are not strangers, they are the true teachers.
Life is a game, so never forget to enjoy success as well as failure.
Just as the most beautiful rose grows next to painful thorns, so does the most joyful success reside next to the most painful failures.
I am hopeful; I see seeds of success germinating with every failure.
I shut the windows to all problems and focus on finding the doors to opportunity.
You're looking for success, but it's not out there. It's inside you. Be and become successful.
We can't go back to yesterday, but we can triumph in tomorrow
To listen be silent, to succeed be persistent
I suppose there must be idiots who dream of signing deals with publishers while fully intending to drink martinis in cool bars or ride around on skateboards. But the actual writers I know are experts in neurotic self-torture. Every page of writing is the result of a thousand tiny decisions and desperate acts of will.
He asked me: why you are not patient?, I answered: I am very patient just I am at war against time
Knowledge will act as power, but you only gain wisdom with experience.
You don't have to be a master to try, but you have to try to be a master.
Love your job as if it's your love affair. You will never have to go to work again, but will meet your lover every day.
You don't have to be fast and fearless to achieve success, but you need to be persistent.
Greatness Cannot Be Stopped  Greatness Cannot be Stopped It can only be delayed and if gets delayed it just gets Greater because it gains new Strength
People who attribute success to luck have never truly been successful. Luck may place an opportunity in your lap, but only a constant, obsessive attention transforms that opportunity into some kind of meaningful success.
We are not born with abilities, this comes from practice, persistence, and perseverance.
Who you will be in two years from now depends on your choices and focus, so choose and take action carefully.
All credit goes to consciousness, without it there is no life and no credit.
To be successful you don't have to be fast and fearless, but you need to be persistent.
Theology is the crown of Philosophy
The only fight you should be fighting is fighting against the odds. Other fights are not worth fighting and you should not be fighting them.
The Other Side: We're still living our messy humanness, but now we have the tools and knowing that we can succeed.
More times than not, going backwards is a necessary part of going forwards.
Every success, whether it is the biggest or the smallest, inspires the joy and the beauty of life.
When you are endowed with consciousness, you begin your journey to greatness
Success loves boldness
All credit goes to consciousness, without consciousness there is no life and no credit.
You are bestowed with consciousness so that you can grow your own wings of imagination and fly away to your own unique destination
To be a success, discuss ideas not idols; focus on the possibilities of success not failure.
True education empowers people to change the world for the better
The message you want to send to the marketplace through your persistent actions is, “No one can keep up with me. I'm not going away. I am not a competitor. I am the space.
A great goal with fearless action is a powerful combination for great success
To be successful, think of happiness.
An action is the mother of all creation and the only way to succeed.
Success is not synonymous to stress, but to happiness. So be happiness oriented.
Despite fear don't forget to try, for you have to try to succeed.
Knowledge could be very dangerous or very helpful, depends on what kind of knowledge and who uses it.
Every problem enters your life with an unforgettable gift, the gift of courage and wisdom. It gives you courage and wisdom when you face it. So don't fear a problem, just face it.
Education is not only a process of learning, it's a way of life
We are all strangers to our hidden potential until we confront problems that reveal our capabilities.
If you’re not chasing your dreams, you’re still sleeping. WAKE UP! Don’t throw away another day. GO GET IT!
It is often contended that the belief that a person is solely responsible for his own fate is held only by the successful. This in itself is not so unacceptable as its underlying suggestion, which is that people hold this belief because they have been successful. I, for one, am inclined to think that the connection is the other way round and that people often are successful because they hold this belief. Though a man’s conviction that all he achieves is due solely to his exertions, skill, and intelligence may be largely false, it is apt to have the most benefi cial effects on his energy and circumspection. And if the smug pride of the successful is often intolerable and offensive, the belief that success depends wholly on him is probably the pragmatically most effective incentive to successful action; whereas the more a man indulges in the propensity to blame others or circumstances for his failures, the more disgruntled and ineffective he tends to become.
Men ought to attempt everything and fear nothing.
You want to see a very bad man? Make an ordinary man successful beyond his imagination. Let's see how good he is when he can do whatever he wants.
The past will never find you to hurt you, but it never forgets to remind you of the lessons you learned from the successes and failures of the past.
I am hopeful, I see seeds of success germinating with every failure.
Shut the window to all problems and focus on finding the doors to opportunity.
You're looking for success, but it's not out there, it is inside you. Be and become successful.
We can't go back to yesterday, but we can triumph in tomorrow.
There is a gap between dreams and reality. Don't fear this gap, but zap it with action, persistence and perseverance.
To listen be silent, to succeed be persistent.
You can do anything you stick your mind to. Einstein was dyslexic, Bill Gates has asperger's syndrome, Orlando Bloom also has dyslexia, and Daniel Radcliffe has dyspraxia and (LD), but they all went on to become very successful individuals in this world. I myself have an intellectual disability, but I refuse to let that garbage set me back. You just gotta stay positive, let the critics and sarcasm roll off your back and just keep grinding nowhere but forward. You don't have to be smart to crush your dreams, you just have to have the heart and determination.
Success is an acknowledgement honored by a group who values your actions in the specificity of the venture they cherish - Nothing More! They may not represent the values you personally cherish.
As the most beautiful rose grows next to a painful thorn, so is the most joyful success residing next to the most painful failures.
You will always be where you're meant to be.
Failure is a functional component of success
Celebrate every day, every moment, every success and failure. Life is a celebration of love and consciousness.
Life is a game, so never forget to enjoy success as well as failures.
Your time is the most valuable asset with you; invest it, where you get best returns.
The easiest way to success is through bed. You can only dream about it.
The most ever Common Question to ask is. "What is the Key Of Success ? " And the Answers of this question are more common ,like Honest,Hard work and so on Let me tell you my Answer :- There is no any soft key kind of thing to open success door  No one can open  But you have to break it down By all your combined force
Life is a game, so never forget to enjoy the success as well as failures.
Some people are each way more hurt by their worst enemy’s success than they were hurt by their then best friend’s death.
Even if yesterday was wildly successful, I still don’t want to repeat it. Rather, I want to build on it.
A person of value is always a success but a person who is successful is not always a person of value.
Problems are not strangers, they are true teachers.
Failure is not a hindrance for success but a noble ingredient for a sweeter fruit.
The more failures you overcome, the more sweeter your victory will become.
My technique is my love for my profession. When you love to do something, you do your best.
Sometimes it is good to be in uncomfortable situations because it is in finding our way out of such difficulties that we learn valuable lessons.
Acquiring wisdom is great but it is not the goal, applying it is.
Proven fact: You can never finish something you didn't start.
Big life changes are made in small, manageable chunks.
Fear kills more dreams than failure ever will. Doubt and fear are the two villains of success.
Start your journey with purpose and vision, pursue it with great passion.
You can't cross the ocean of life just by dreaming about it, you have to jump in and swim.
No one else but you holds the key to your success; it is your persistence and purpose-oriented action.
When you better yourself, everything comes easier.
If you have the will, you will be able to gain the skill to cross the hill and reach your destination.
Success is nothing but a perception of triumph in the face of tragic failure.
To be noble, help others to succeed.
You plan by dreaming, you learn by doing and you succeed by persisting.
Amplify with your authority instead of shouting publicity. A sell only goes so far.  Your experience, knowledge and authenticity have the endurance to engage and sustain a connection.
DO WHAT YOU CANNOT DO SEE WHAT YOU CANNOT SEE EXPLAIN WHAT YOU CANNOT EXPLAIN
Nobody wants to get lost in a homeless shelter, but you end up there if you don't have a definite destination with a clear map.
It is what it is because you allowed it to be so.
Love makes us invincible. Always be in Love. Life is not always about winning, It's about never surrendering.
If you want fame or wealth or wolves, go out and hunt for them.
Stop sitting on the sidelines of everyone else's life and become and active participant in your own life.
The most important goal of education is to pursue the ultimate purpose of life, to achieve success with happiness.
You're responsible for your journey in life, no one else. You have to know the destination to go there. Others can show you the way, but no one can take you there.
Realize, rise and act – make mistakes, fall hard, then rise again and try again.
Err my friend, but be not defeated and keep on moving.
Nothing – I repeat – nothing can become so big an obstruction in your path that you cannot overcome it, for your brain is the most divine and most godly Turing Machine of all times, capable of deeds that humanity is yet to encounter.
Opportunities are essential to successful leadership. It's no coincidence that the greatest leaders create their own opportunities.
Never give up your desire to be what you've always wanted to be. Be focused, persistent and relentless.
Remember the future is always brighter than the past, so be optimistic and appreciative.
As the most beautiful rose grows next to a painful thorn, so is the most joyful success residing next to the most painful failures.
Every success demands some kind of sacrifice, so don't fear to do it, do it with love.
Sometimes success is the source of your happiness, but sometimes happiness can be the source of your success.
My technique is my love for my profession. When you love to do something, you do your best.
Patience is the slow road to success
Down with, "Fake it, till you make it." Up with, "Make it so you don't have to fake it!
Even a trillion dollars is made up of cents.
Just hold onto your faith and always be willing to put in the hard work on your own.
Indie authors who are successful are very successful. They can do everything to conceive, write, market, and bring to fruition the life of a book. Whereas a traditionally published author relies on their publisher for most of the publishing chain. When a traditional author tries to become indie, they are not as successful as an indie. This shows the strength is in the individual author itself. An indie author can bring much more to the table because of their indie spirit. And when you combine the drive for success and survival as a business for indies who have a family to support with their book sales, an indie author who is successful and driven by their need to survive (like me), they are UNSTOPPABLE! - Strong by Kailin Gow
When you have the Stellah Mupanduki healing, moulding, cleansing and protecting books breathed by the Holy Spirit of a Sovereign God; your way of thinking and speaking changes because you will start to feel well and you regain strength as you read. You will know you will be very fine, and you will not worry too much because you will know that you will not die but live and bless your family with your presence and give them peace…yeah, be with your family in Christ. You will know that your days are not numbered in short, you will know and understand that you have longevity, that in Christ, you will live long. So talk about your life and not death whatever you are going through or whatever you perceive to be true in your own human intelligence. Move away from nodding to death and stop welcoming the spirit of death. Keep it away from your lipsl, when you speak, talk about about your life as progressing in the normal way, in the name of Jesus Christ…
Success is not what you accomplish in life, it is about how you inspire others to succeed.
Despite fear, don't forget to try, for you have to try to succeed.
You don't have to be a master to try, but you have to try to master.
Every problem enters your life with an unforgettable gift, the gift of courage and wisdom. It gives you courage and wisdom when you face it. So, don't fear a problem, just face it.
Knowledge will act as power, but you gain wisdom with experience.
An attitude of gratitude is the best outfit to wear when you're looking for success and happiness.
Change is inevitable, but choice defines the direction of change. So, define choice to find success and happiness.
Success isn't just about what you accomplish in your life, it's about what you inspire others to do.
True education is like light. It eradicates all the darkness of ignorance and is the best tool for success known to mankind.
The key to success is love, not hard work.
There is no harm in having big dreams. Rather have this as a habit. It's worth!
If you want to fly, don't fear the sky, but grow the wings of imagination and dare to fly.
In life we work, not to become a success, but to enjoy the journey and gain experience.
Life is like the seasons. To enjoy your journey, you have to accept the changes that come with it.
True intelligence comes from knowing that wisdom comes from perceptions and experiences.
Knowledge is important, but understanding is everything.
True education is not the memorization of data, but the understanding.
True education fills hearts with wisdom and kindness.
Often times success doesn't come from strength, but from flexibility and adaptability.
Our heart doesn't care for success, but longs for love and happiness. Our ego looks for futile success relentlessly.
Not your money, but your education, can take you to your desired destination.
Success is important, but the journey towards happiness is most important in life.
Even though our time in this life is temporary, if we live well enough, our legacy will last forever.
What is considered impossible is someone else’s opinion. What is possible is my decision.
Sometimes I think, Why invent projects? What is the point? How will I ever accomplish what I set out to do, what I imagine? Then I think of the past, even before I was born, the great small feats people accomplished. [...] Those people had to work to accomplish those things, they thought of details, they followed through. Even if I come off as naive and zealous, even if I get on everyone's nerves, I have to follow these examples. Even if I fail, I have to try and try and try. It may be exhausting, but that is beside the point. The goal is not necessarily to succeed but to keep trying, to be the kind of person who has ideas and sees them through.
Sometimes, life lets you float amongst the clouds rather than sail upon the waters.
If throughout your entire life you make no fortune; travel next to nowhere; obtain a meager education; invent nothing new; are a stranger to fame; lack talent, wit, and charm—if these things are true and yet in the heart of every human who crosses your path you plant a seed of happiness, or, at the very least, you coax a smile from the saddest faces, your life will indeed be the greatest success story ever.
Our failures are way less likely than our successes to be ignored by our enemies.
Action has power. For success, believe in yourself and take action.
Success is not synonymous to stress, but to happiness. So, be happiness oriented.
Before taking part of any activity, ask yourself if this activity will bring you joy, if it is good and fruitful, and if it will bring you closer to achieving your goal. If the answer is not yes to at least one and preferably all of the questions, refrain from this activity.
You don't get that good by doing nothing.
Courage doesn't bring you success, but it lets you persist to face adversity with boldness and poise.
He felt that to succeed here the idea of success must grasp and limit his mind.
To be a success, think of happiness.
Action is the mother of all creation and the only way to succeed.
Your past, including your failures, simply offers feedback that makes you wiser and stronger than before.
Sometimes, you just have to dive straight in, I guess that's what life is all about.
Allowing success is the opposite of forcing success.
All change and improvement begins with one person and that is you.
Captivate the attention of your customer by oozing credibility.
A great goal with fearless action is a powerful combination for great success.
For underdeveloped nations there is no better way to develop the nation than true education and empowerment of women.
I did not become famous but I got near enough to smell the stench of success. It smelt like burnt cloth and rancid gardenias, and I realized that the truly awful thing about success is that it's held up all those years as the thing that would make everything all right. And the only thing that makes things even slightly bearable is a friend who knows what you're talking about.
Don't let the indecision of others distract you.
If failure is supposed to be a stepping stone to success, then I'd like to have a serious chat with the fellow who set down those stones.
People can talk about their personal experience and it can be true for them and for their life whatever they learned from that; because what they tell to themselves will always be true for themselves. But they can always change the way they think and talk to themselves and realize that the experience they have been having is not a universal law.
To achieve great success, you first have to learn to admire great failure.
The most enjoyable part about being an Indie Author and an Amazon Author Success Story, is that my success inspires others.
What you do today defines who you will be tomorrow, so choose your destination and take action.
[W]hat is important is neither pleasure nor pain, success nor failure, what is important is to understand that neither of them have any importance whatsoever. This understanding calls for peace, calm and serenity.
Dear haters, You’re never going to catch up. Because while you’re talking about how “lucky” I am, I’m working. While you’re talking about what you’re going to do, I’m already doing it. While you’re making resolutions, I’m setting behaviors.
When a man gets it into his head to do something, and when he exclusively occupies himself in that design, he must succeed, whatever the difficulties. That man will become Grand Vizier or Pope.
They say getting thin is the best revenge. Success if much better.
It was Suzy Kassem who first said, Fear kills more dreams than failure ever will.
Capitalism can no longer be viewed as a soaring success. And yet, the left wing and right wing are fighting, only accelerating their collective downfall.
Success reveals how little ambition is worth.
Success has nothing to do with morality.
Failure brings a climax in which one has the privilege of clearing his mind of fear and making a new start in another direction.
It is not natural for human beings to NOT grow to the next stage of life when they should.
...all flourishing is mutual.
The haters just don't get it... They're never going to catch up. Because while they're talking about how “lucky" you are, you're working. While they're talking about what they're going to do, you're already doing it. While they're making resolutions, you're setting behaviors.
You might well remember that nothing can bring you success but yourself.
Lack of a formal education is a death sentence to some and an opportunity to explore for others
There are no shortcuts to excellence
A champion is someone who has overcome a lot of fear.
Succenergy, activate your energy, discover all your success inside of you.  Tãnia Tomé (C)
If commitment is required to start, it is deeply important to persist to reach the end. All the path is done walking, where there are obstacles, go around them, where there are falls, get up, where you feel tired, rest, but never stop until you reach the destination.  Tania Tome (C)
Find your whole future by going deep inside of you. There is a blooming success that will only hasten when you discover the whole world inside of you.  Tania Tome (C)
Praxis, cinequanon condition to make life a real existence. Make it happen.  Tania Tome (c)
I learned this, at least, by my experiment; that if one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life which he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours. He will put some things behind, will pass an invisible boundary; new, universal, and more liberal laws will begin to establish themselves around and within him; or the old laws be expanded, and interpreted in his favor in a more liberal sense, and he will live with the license of a higher order of beings. In proportion as he simplifies his life, the laws of the universe will appear less complex, and solitude will not be solitude, nor poverty poverty, nor weakness weakness. If you have built castles in the air, your work need not be lost; that is where they should be. Now put the foundations under them.
No one is born with abilities; it comes from practice, persistence and perseverance.
Success loves boldness.
For success you don't have to be fast and fearless, but you need persistence.
To keep life moving forward, hope for the best, take action and be persistent.
All credit goes to consciousness; without consciousness, there is no life and no credit.
When you are endowed with consciousness, you begin your journey to greatness.
Who you will be in two years from now depends on your choices and focus. So, choose and take action carefully.
You are bestowed with consciousness so that you can grow your own wings of imagination and fly away to your own unique destination.
To be a success, discuss ideas not idols. Focus on the possibilities of success not failure.
Victory only comes through wear and tear.
Raindrops will always carry their dreams &amp; hopes with them, no matter where they go.
That’s the problem of today’s generation. You want all the things quickly. You all hate to struggle. You see the life into two extremes, either success or failure, either rich or broke, either victory or defeat. You see the life in all black and white, but there are various shades of gray in-between two extremes of black and white and life happens to be there.
Sometimes we can make our own opportunities, sometimes we can see them coming, but more often than not they are like pop quizzes, they are sprung on you like a challenge to test your skills, almost like a dare to see if you can take that leap of faith to make whatever it is a success. Wait too long, and an excellent opportunity might slip away.
I am a great believer in Luck. The harder I work, the more of it I seem to have.
Even if you think you can’t win, at least try; when trying, make up your mind to win because no one wins without trying and everyone who tries can win.
We ought to relentlessly ignore excuses, especially those we are told by ourselves.
Be careful when shining the light of your success among those with an envious spirit, for there will be no celebration for your success within a robbery.
Keystone habits say that success doesn’t depend on getting every single thing right, but instead relies on identifying a few key priorities and fashioning them into powerful levers.
Success is not about Money , fame or Job It is all about becoming Well and Illustrative personality . So that Everyone remember you and learn from you
A professor once told me: Sir, you are insane! In which I replied: Sir, I am just eccentrically very normal !
Learning from your customers is vital to your success. Even if you work in a back office or don't deal directly with the public, you are serving someone in your job. You have a boss--and the boss is really your customer, right? You have to think of the people you work for (and if you have a job, your work for someone) as customers. Doing so gives you greater buy-in to the idea that your job is part of a bigger universe--it's not just you toiling away on a computer making sure the numbers add up (or whatever it is you do). Someone, somewhere, is counting on you to hold up your end of the bargain and to do your job better, and you can learn from that person (or people).
The business would do good to understand that success or failure is not final in Data Science. For this reason, the business should develop a persistent spirit.
Success is not that adjourns the team after achieving, but that motivates the team to face new challenges
I choose to believe there is a better way to do a PR stunt or better way to succeed without stepping on top of others,throwing them under the bus or bringing others down.
Remember when you are about to do something great or big. Giving up is always the first and the easiest option.Don’t fall for it, it wants to trap you from your brighter and better successful future.
Gossip is the biggest hindrance to building trust and productivity in organizations across America.
Success and suffering are two sides of the same coin.
There's something inherently disappointing about success,’ from Topsy-Turvy, a Mike Leigh film about Gilbert and Sullivan.
There are always two risks. There's the risk of not trying something new, and there's the risk of not trying it. . . . Either way, there's risk. And sometimes stepping out and trying something new is actually the less risky thing to do.
Success is not the result of an single quality; it's about alignment between who you are and where you choose to be.
Down and out? You are not alone! Most people have gone through that process. Yet today, they are a success.
God is into the business of building Character into the hearts of men
If you can't do the little things no BIG thing will ever be in your reach
Even if the whole world turns against you, until you agree, no failure, no crisis, no obscurity can win over you.
It’s only a dream when your eyes are closed...
Choose to be with people who will share opportunities ,jobs ,ideas , knowledge and solutions, because problems we all have and we all know off.
A person can influence a situation or the situation can influence a person.
Dream if you want your future to come to life.
OJ says our father lives somewhere between the self-satisfaction that his success has made us soft and disgust that we are unacquainted with the brutal intensity of a world that he has effectively tamed for us.
Investors are people with more money than time. Employees are people with more time than money. Entrepreneurs are simply the seductive go-betweens. Startups are business experiments performed with other people’s money. Marketing is like sex: only losers pay for it.” “Company culture is what goes without saying. There are no real rules, only laws. Success forgives all sins. People who leak to you, leak about you. Meritocracy is the propaganda we use to bless the charade. Greed and vanity are the twin engines of bourgeois society. Most managers are incompetent and maintain their jobs via inertia and politics. Lawsuits are merely expensive feints in a well-scripted conflict narrative between corporate entities. Capitalism is an amoral farce in which every player—investor, employee, entrepreneur, consumer—is complicit.
In order to be successful as a woman, teach your daughter to never apologize for her success. Men never have to apologize for it, why should the women who earned it? - Raising A Strong Daughter: What Fathers Should Know by Finlay Gow JD and Kailin Gow MA
I fail forward. I don't allow failure to get the better part of me. Failure strengthens my determination to succeed. I learn lessons from my failure, and use those lessons to map out strategies to succeed. I'm always stronger than before. Failing to succeed!
Success is when you're seduced into thinking that your joy and satisfaction are not here but there--somewhere in the future, at some moment when you accomplish X or you win Y.  Success can never get enough.   It makes your head spin, because you get that thing you were desperately working for, for all those years, and when you get it, you realize that it isn't what you thought it was.
You are your mind, so if you can see it, you can achieve it.
Achieving something gives you a sense of fulfillment; so, create your own happiness by following up on your passions and achieving them.
What do they teach your little girl in school? To be truthful and ambitious. Show me one man who is happy without breaking a few rules, without feeding the misery of a few others. If you can flaunt your success, your immoral acts become inconsequential.
Purse your transformation from a place of freedom and peace.
My boundaries are not determined by natural limitation but by parameters of my faith that I chose to attach to the realities of my limitlessness.
WE all have our own PATH to follow – STOP walking in someone else’s PATH if it isn’t designed for you.
The life can always change for any of us, and the one who was on the bottom once might turn up on the top when you least expect it, and vice versa.
The past is history, the future is a mystery, and this moment is a gift. That is why this moment is called the 'present.
The top challengers are usually understood, but there are always a few dark horses in the running for every major tournament.” —Oscar Auliq-Ice
Your PAST nor your CURRENT situation DEFINES you – YOU are defined by the CHOICES you make NOW for your future.” ~ Patricia Dsouza #Leadership #Mindset #encouragement #Wisdom @motiquotees @successinspir
I'd rather die a legend, than live as an insect.
You are special and you will always remain. You are amazingly made. You are the first drop found on the dry ground. Where a rainbow appears after a heavy rain
How do you choose a successor? Look at her or his track record. A good successor would have a track record of successes - great grades, great schools, great successes at work and steady climb up the ladder. Throughout her or his career, there has been challenges which were overcame. It builds character, fortitude, and strength. - STRONG by Kailin Gow
Mothers who live vicariously through the success of their children or husband need to find their own identity. While it is wonderful to see your children and husband become successful, what is even more effective is to lead and inspire through the example of your own successes. - Strong by Kailin Gow
Most artists wont congratulate other artist for winning because they suffer from it should have been me syndrome
Goals and plans are fine, and they can often be effective motivators, but success promises something it can't deliver. As soon as you reach your goal, success creates a new one, which creates new anxieties and stresses.
Be unique. Tread smart. Stay original. Keep being YOU. Don't allow anyone tell you otherwise.
There isn’t one story in the world that exist today that talks about triumph or success, where will was not attached. You have to to have will and drive- more than just saying that you “want” something or want to do something. You have to do it. - The Affidavit of Niedria Dionne Kenny
Helping someone who does not help.It will kill you emotionally , kill your happiness and leaving you with regrets.
Giving your time to someone who does not it.It will kill you emotionally , kill your happiness and leaving you with regrets.
There is room for us all— room for all our babies and books and husbands and houses and ministries and master’s degrees. So let’s go out of our way to be cheerleaders for our sisters who are killing it out there and succeeding in crazy ways!
The sky is the limit when the universe is involved.
Don't wait for success to become stronger and confident Be strong and confident  Success will automatically chase you
Success stories begin with a decision. The decision to go beyond what you are. When you decide that your present station is not your destination, you are already half-way there.
Success is achieved by developing our strengths, not by eliminating our weaknesses.
Whenever you create anything, you take a risk. And that includes your life. It may work out, it may not. It may be well received, it may not be. . . .  It's always a risk to take action. It might not work, it might blow up in your face, you might lose money, you might fail. No one may get it.   But that's not the only risk. There's another risk: the risk of not trying it.   How is not trying a risk? You risk settling and continuing in the same direction in the same way, wondering about other paths and possibilities, believing that this is as good as it gets while discontent gnaws away at your soul.
That’s the thing I’ve learned about mountains: the joy you feel at scaling them is in direct proportion to how high and impassable the peak appears to be once you’re on the other side of it.
A hundred failures would not matter, when one single success could change the destiny of the world.
It’s a choice to put in the hours, go the extra mile, and do the things others aren’t willing to do.
You can have excuses or you can have success; you can't have both.
How does one know you’ve “made it”? You no longer feel like you have anything to prove to anyone. You have no regrets or resentments from the past, anger that you’re working from. No people you want revenge on or songs you want to sing in order to finally speak your mind.  Instead, you work from a place of wanting to do the work only, without any attachment to the outcome.
Don't wait for the experience. CREATE IT!
Problems and failure are part of distillation process they will boil you, heat you but in the end when cooling is applied and you get condensed, you will find pure form of yourself
The life you’re capable of living is waiting for you—all you have to do is choose to go after it.
Half the failures of this world arise from pulling in one's horse as he is leaping. - from Guesses at Truth: By Two Brothers by Julian Charles Hare and Augustus William Hare
Half the failures of this world arise from pulling in one's horse as he is leaping. - from Guesses at Truth: By Two Brothers by Julian Charles Hare and Augustus William Hare
To succeed in life, you need to create the experience that everyone wants, and needs.
What makes this study different is that it studies Japanese cross-cultural adaptation by focusing on student success rather than student difficulties.
Everyone wants to lead a peaceful, happy life, but happiness and success aren’t measured by how much money you have, but by whether you have inner peace in your heart.
How can you transform your life, while constantly searching for values to live by, without expecting reward?
It is important to remember that to read means to read the right and good books.
You can’t have what’s next until you let go of what’s now.
We all have the power to make little choices that can change the course of our lives forever.
In a world where everyone was trying to radiate success while praying for actual profits, Brooke's margins narrowed and narrowed.
No purpose is served in blaming others to whitewash your own shortcomings.
Ultimately, while it is very important to devote oneself to work painstakingly, to get oneself totally engrossed in work while neglecting everything else, is equally incorrect.
Ravan had a lot of wealth, might and power to rule the world but can you call him a successful person?
Breathe as the tears flow, Breathe when you cannot gaze up high,  Breathe as to know the world will lie,  Breathe when you choke to ask: “Why?” Breathe even when you are about to die.   Breathe when each day is a task,  Breathe when every person you know wears a facial mask,  Breathe because to yourself you have to ask:  “Breathe because in glory I have to bask.”   Breathe as the sun is to rise,  Breathe even when you touch the skies,  Breathe as you celebrate your triumph, success and highs,  Breathe because you have to be yet grounded and be Wise.   Breathe when you dive,  Breathe when you strive, Breathe when to your success, you give a high-five, Breathe because you are still alive!
Trees reached for the sky long before man came into this world.
Learn to accept everything about yourself, even the part of yourself that struggles to accept everything about yourself
I mean, there aren't many inventions that actually succeed in meeting some human need. Ninety-nine percent of them are just some ugly combo of pushy marketing and spineless consumers.
A recipe for success: 1) Believe in God and his power 2) Believe in your own self  3) Genuinely be honest with your own self  4) Never ever depend on anybody except your own self.  5) Never ever give a damn on anybody’s opinion about you and/ or what you are doing; remember you are not here to live other people’s life; you are here to create your own special one.  6) last but not least, never forget that who allowed you to cherish and succeed is the same one who can take it away from you in a heart beat, so always be humble, grateful, and respectable to this fact.
Like growth, success is often a steppingstone from failure.
Leadership is a choice. To choose power or empowerment.
You're either 100% committed or just 99% committed to your outcomes.
It is good to have your own vision, but it is dangerous not to run with it.
Sometimes we have to fall apart to see the pieces
Ten Keys To Success: Number 0; there is no easy or guaranteed recipe. Number 11: some else's path to it will not be yours.
Confronting your enemy in anger feeds your ego, but diminishes your chance of success.
With confidence, you have won before you have started.  So, never get diverted from your path that ultimately opens the doors of true success.
I’ve realized people can live in a world they’ve personally constructed through a distorted lens of guilt and shame, whether they deserve it or not.
Never mind, you know the word <i>must</i>; with that word one does many things.
Leaders are readers and learners are earners.
Our successes are seldom as sweet as our enemies’ failures.
When we consciously tie our most significant dreams to our daily actions, we pull ourselves out of the muck and step firmly onto the path that leads to success.
Some people choose to take the problems of the world and brand them as their own problems. They brag &amp; glorify their bad situation or problems , rather than choosing to find a solution for them.Life is hard for everyone, Please choose to find a way out of your bad situation than accepting it as life.
If I can promise you anything, it would be that you can do anything in this world as long as you're willing to put enough work into it. Nothing in this world is unachievable.
Ten Keys To Success: Number 0; there is no guaranteed or easy recipe. Number 11: some else's path to it will not be yours.
How much the sea became very small, when the first ship sailed.
I FOUND MYSELF LIVING FOR THE ONES WHO LOST THEIR LIVES
Many times, success begins when we leave our comfort zone.
The taste of success is worthy; when at least one flavor of failure added in it.
Google Analytics is the best friend of all Digital Marketers as it dictates the decision making and success of every websites.
You are what you do, so you have to do what you want to be. We are how we spend our time.   If you want to be super good at texting and watching Netflix, you should text and watch Netflix all day—'cause you'll get really good at it.   If, in your dreams, you would rather be good at something else, then you should spend your time doing that thing. Don't wait for it to come to you.   You are how you spend your time.
When you turn your problem into passion, your solution becomes success.
A problem cannot be solved without understanding it.
Choose happiness despite hardship.
Self-will can either destroy or catapult your ministry.
Living happily with parents requires adjustments. That takes care of most demons of our minds.
Just a grain can bring a bird down from the skies.
The power of testimony is progress.
Keep Trying” is forever, because the arrival time for success is uncertain. So, giving a time-frame to success is an invitation to the feeling of uncertainty, success arrives early to people who are scared of failures, they keep trying to be better at the job and in the process end-up avoiding failures.
Being successful is nothing but an act of removing the illusion that something is impossible.
Fail, fail and fail again - but never let those failures keep you from moving ahead.
Fake life is expensive.
The sweet smell of success comes on the back of the stench of hard earned sweat.
Skills give you options, it opens doors of possibilities.
Adopt as your ambition the creation of a world in which those who work against you see the light and wake up and succeed, so that the better at which you are aiming can encompass them, too.
If there is failure in a relationship, it's because there was no LOVE.
Some people build roads and then walk
Those who dig for water and give up, make potholes. Those who persist and dig deep, make a well.
As material items can still leave us feeling unfulfilled, perhaps a better gauge of success is simply happiness, finding enjoyment in what we do.
Too much fanfare spoils success.
What do you want to be when you grow up," asked the goat her ambitious lamb. " A wolf," answered the lamb.
Living great lives just means you have grown the skill muscles necessary to make choices in line with your dreams and purpose.
If you never been at a point where you have to choose. Evaluate your life. Success and Happy life starts by you making a decision to Choose and choosing not only right things but what will work for you.
Break the mold, do whatever the hell you want within your abilities. Don't overextend yourself to create a false appearance of wealth and success
Succeed On 'Em!
In our journey between Thinking to Improve and Trying to Improve exists the first stop called Willpower, and most of the travelers’ never go past this place, thinking that only thing matters is the resolution to reach the destination, but success needs completion of journey and that requires crossing the next two stops: determination &amp; hard-work.
It doesn't matter the size of step you take, but that you take one. I know you are constrained and cannot do many things, but you can do something.
Small thinking keeps small businesses small
Nothing was going to compromise my freedom to walk the streets whenever, wherever and with whomever I wanted. I saw fame as being akin to living in a high-security prison and I didn’t want to go there. How can you win just enough and then leave the table? Go to a Gamblers Anonymous meeting and you’ll see it’s easier said than done. I’d have to be very careful to not let things get out of control. I resolutely avoided looking at charts, bank balances, reviews, radio or television appearances, and carried on like nothing out of the ordinary had happened.
Meaningful work gives life purpose and connects you to something bigger than yourself.
Blind ambition will either lead to an open elevator shaft or a broom closet.
Whatever you do, do as an original human – as a master, not as a slave.
The higher the obstacles, the higher we get to rise
Confidence is the underwear of achievement
It's when I'm on the road to somewhere that I really wish that I was on the road to nowhere.
Hard life... write more! Life sucks... write more! No matter what don't stop. Keep to the grind and don't let up. Somewhere out there is your ramp to success. Forget about the exits or the shortcuts along the way. Stay on the highway and when the ramp comes... take it and go!
A degree, designation and dictionary put together aren't enough to make substantial difference in life. It is acumen, attitude and fortitude that finally matters.
If we still point fingers when something wrong is happening. We are not ready and we will never find a solution for the problem at hand.
Just add a 'g' before race; race with grace and success will be yours!
Success comes from continually expanding your frontiers in every direction - creatively, financially, spiritually, and physically.
The best invention to come. The best design. The best next things to come it’s right in front of you. It might be something you use daily. Look carefully in your hood .In your surroundings, or in your life. Look at what is at your disposal. Look at your culture. It might make you the next millionaire. Pay attention to your hood. Don’t allow people to steal how you live and make that their new invention or ideas that will make them millionaires.
How much money, and time have you spent looking for the secret to success, when all you had to do was look in the mirror, and you would have seen it staring you in the face. The secret has, and always will be, you. That is what the secret is, but you just didn't want to believe it was that easy, did you?
You can cry again or You can try again. Choice is yours.
No matter how gifted a leader is, their gifts will never reach their maximum potential without the application of self-belief.
The moment you need to get started is called "now".
Character makes trust possible and trust makes great leadership possible.
I had made my mind up that since I was not going to be a Negro, I would avail myself of every possible opportunity to make a white man's success; and that, if it can be summed up in any one word, means "money.
Trust is the foundation of great leadership.
One of the most important lessons a leader can learn is how trust works.
Excuse Me While I Succeed!
Be armed with purpose, persistence and intention and the enemy called defeat will choose another to battle.
Leadership is developed daily, not in a day.
The greater the impact you want to make, the greater your influence needs to be.
Either you shine in the dark or get lost in the light.
Your leadership ability is determined by their leadership gap.
Success is within the reach of just about everyone.
A person's impact is only a fraction of what it could be with great leadership.
Leadership is not only for a few people, leadership is for everyone and anyone who wants to lead.
Whatever you will accomplish is restricted by your ability to lead others.
When we are asked to act, we do so only if we feel at least minimally competent to do what is asked of us. We need to feel that our actions will ultimately be successful. Without some expectation of success, we are unlikely to act at all and will rather resign ourselves to letting fate take its course. We often redirect our thinking from our actual goals to the goal of preserving a sense of our competence. This act of self-protection is essential to maintaining a minimum capacity to act.
The requisite of an Empire are the dreams &amp; ambitions build on the boundaries of trust.
Nothing is impossible for those who believe. - Hidden Treasures
Success is never final.
Unataka kufanikiwa lakini hutaki watu wakuone. Kama una kipaji kionyeshe kwa watu.
Self-affirmation is the line drawn between success and failure
Many Western readers act offended by the mention of war in the Bible, yet celebrate the stratagem of war taught by Sun Tzu as though it is the original book on leadership and success. The Bible, of course, was written over a 1000 years before Sun Tzu was born.
The biggest mistake some people make is underestimating their own ability.
I feel bad for you . If you only feel better about yourself when you body shame others . When you are oppressing others or you others are failing.
If you are passionate about something, then give your whole soul to it, but be careful my friend, not to ignore that one person in pursuit of your goal, who has been your only support when everyone else mocked at you.
Success doesn't lead to happiness. Happy people are more successful. Therefore happiness is not a result to be attained through action, but a fact to be realized through knowledge.
In life there is only one enemy who can stop your dreams - you!
The only secret to success is...YOU!
SUCCESS TONIC • 1 tsp confidence • 1 tsp courage • 2 tsp patience • 4 tsp prayer • 4 tsp perseverance • 4 tsp joy • 6 tsp enthusiasm Take one teaspoonful of this tonic three times daily.
From the moment you think you have made it, is the beginning of the end.
Whatever you strive to do, as long as you do it your best, its enough.
Success isn't important. What's important is that one is happy and doing things one enjoys.
In the race of life, of death, no runner is ahead, no runner behind.
There's no success without sacrifice.
After some point, working harder makes achieving the goal harder or even impossible.
Victory in itself expires which is why you must win daily.
Greatness isn’t found in how you handle success, but in how you handle failure.
God Doesn't Love Me The Way I Deserve...He Loves Me The Way He Desires...
Perception is the beginning of all realization and actualization of possibilities.
Don’t wait for perfect conditions because life has no perfect conditions. The secret to success lies in your ability to do more with less.
Success is transient, evanescent. The real passion lies in the poignant acquisition of knowledge about all the shading and subtleties of the creative secrets.
Rational argument can be conducted with some prospect of success only so long as the emotionality of a given situation does not exceed a critical degree.
stay hungry my friends ..... and you will conquer what you think is impossible !!!
If you go out without a plan, you will return home without any achievement.
The illusion of fear accompanies goals to test the will to succeed.
Don't let your dreams be just dreams. Make it a reality.
It only takes one word, three letters to start achieving your dreams: ACT
All achievements – all feats of excellence, rise from the protoplasmic realm of the brain.
No one accomplishes anything if they decide before they begin that the task is too difficult. I'd rather attempt the impossible and fail than consign myself to failure before even making the attempt.
There are people that who want to be someone and there are people that want to do something.
When telling a story you can utilize numerous ways to create an attractive narrative that will enchant your audience aka ideal customers and clients.
The ultimate goal is the goal to succeed.
To succeed we need commitment, discipline, dedication, and determination. And if you can amalgamate all of the above qualities with your passion and energy then no one can stop you from achieving the uncommon!
The greatest ‘victory’ in any victory is that I didn’t make it about myself.
999 times I failed in vain, In next attempt I won and Unlocked the chain. Then flew above the clouds, got rid of rain, Finally clutched success and felt pity on pain.
Its ok to get discouraged in LIFE - just dont NEVER allow it to make you want to discontinue" - (G-Swiss)
Branding is a key communication tool and technique, which provides both consumers and manufactures with a way of differentiating their product or service.
If You...   say the same things as everyone else…  share the same links as everyone else… post the same quotes as everyone else…  and put up the same pictures as everyone else…  Why should anyone think you are any different than everyone else?  You have your own creativity. You have your own story.  Stop trying to tell another person’s story and start engaging people with yours.
Whoever said you have to be an A$$ to be a boss, should never get to be a boss. Especially in a democratic society. Being an A$$ boss in a democratic society only causes resentment and disloyalty. Motivate your employees by instilling pride in them for themselves and for their work brand. - Strong by Kailin Gow on how to build a Strong Company
Discomfort may be a doorway; don’t run from it.
But man's duty is to try and endeavour, success depends upon chance and environments.
Sometimes the things we do second time around are better and hold more value because we take the time to reflect and review, and revive them through a higher love. Don't be afraid to try again and do-over with greater wisdom, a fresh set of eyes, and a renewed hope. Life is not a straight line of first time successes. It's the road that is paved with failure and seemingly wrong turns that provides us with character, emotional grit and inner muscle to find new perspectives. The only expiry date to your dreams, intentions or goals is the one you allow to soak into your soul.
Some researchers claim that emotional intelligence accounts for 75 percent of a person's success and perhaps that will be more true for the success of future artificial intelligence based cyborgs and other systems.
That man who is regular and punctual will get sure success in all walks of life.
Success is nothing if you don't have the right people to share it with; you're just gonna end up Lonley.
i want work that is a relentless oasis.
The stories we create to understand ourselves become the narratives of our lives, explaining the accidents and choices that have brought us where we are: what I'm good at, what I care about most, and where I'm headed.
The people who brag, who show off are the ones who got nothing underneath, who are insecure and that tiny little show is all that they got in that tiny nut shell, while a really treasurer, a real successful person is the one who stays quite and enjoys the show others put on
When Opportunity meets Preparation she greets her with open arms and they both say in unison, "Let's do this!
Persistence refines the miserable piece of carbon in you into the purest form of diamond.
Your core values are your deciding factors for success.
Kufika hapa nilipofika leo nilijitolea vitu vingi na mambo mengi katika maisha yangu. Niliishi katika uhamisho wa kijamii kwa ajili ya mafanikio. Nilijitolea muda. Nilijitolea usingizi. Nilijitolea starehe. Wakati wengine wakienda baa mimi nilikuwa kazini. Wakati wengine wamelala, mimi nilikuwa macho nikifanya kazi. Wakati wengine wakiangalia vipindi pendwa vya televisheni, mimi nilikuwa nikiangalia vipindi visivyopendeka vya televisheni. Wakati wengine wana muda wa kuchezea, mimi nilikuwa nikiyaendesha maisha yangu kwa ratiba maalumu.
Vision is your first creation of the future.
Mafanikio ni matokeo mazuri ya jambo lolote na ni tofauti kwa kila mtu. Kama ulivyo uzuri, mafanikio yapo katika macho ya aonaye. Ni jukumu lako kujua mafanikio yana maana gani kwako, na jinsi gani umeyapata mafanikio hayo.
Your belief system consists of the power to create and to destroy.
A talent is a gift from God.
Passion is the fire to all great things.
Dreaming is how you set your future in motion.
Your passport to influencing others is emotional intelligence, your fabric to choosing the right friends is social intelligence, your path to creating lasting wealth is financial intelligence, and your key to identifying your future is brand intelligence.
Next to her, in the place where we were born, I was only a decoration, that is, I bore witness to Lila’s merits. Those who had known us from birth attributed to her, to the force of her attraction, the fact that the neighborhood could have on its streets an esteemed person like me.
Your life would be a success if you had just one sentence to carve on your tombstone. They say that Stendhal spent his lifetime searching for the sentence to carve on his tombstone.
Adaptability is a most desirable habit or quality for success in life.
Maisha yangu ni kafara ya mafanikio yangu.
If you want to be successful, you must learn to be loyal audience of your own self because in life difficult times will arrive, you will have no one to applaud you, no one but you!
A* search for the certain puzzle that fits your mind. A certain quality out of matrix, an emerge of reality and divine. Persistent sustained look and fixed mind is the rebirth, the start of sanity, the start of rise.
Think about your future in a positive way and you will move towards your goals.
Since we live in a dynamic environment, changes will keep displacing us from our comfort zone. Every person, organisation and society faces challenges, how we deal with those challenges define our long-term success. Develop a breakthrough mindset that seeks solutions even in the time of adversity.
I have always known that in life, becoming significant is really tough, however, remaining a mediocre is even tougher.
Being a person who pushes himself to his or her own limits in order to become as great as he or she can possibly be means being a person who is constantly faced with some kind of fear. May it be mental or physical, may you be an athlete or a writer, YOU are facing fear, every single day, by doing something your mind or body never did before. But by overcoming that fear you take one step higher on the ladder, and the goal is to take those steps every single day.
I reached my very edge. I was about to break down. I was about to break through.
People who can manage their time can also manage their money. After all, managing minutes and managing money is the same exact principle.
You aren't doing "nothing" when you choose to put your well-being first. In fact, this is the key to having everything.
Tell me the four people with whom you spend the most time and I will tell you who you are.
Become a minimalist. Eliminate clutter from your life by living with the 100 things that you wear and use the most.
Some of the people who we envy for having something we lack envy us for lacking something they have.
If we are unwilling to crash, we can never soar.
You aren't doing "nothing" when you choose to put your wellbeing first. In fact, this is the key to having everything.
Stay focused. Not every distraction is a worthy detour.
Trying” is failing with honor.
I rather be wrong sometimes than being fouled by others all the times
Believe in yourself, Give your best to everything and know that your one failure is not final.
Champions know the emotions you want to feel and help you feel them by remaining genuine to a noble intention.
It’s hard to do a really good job on anything you don’t think about in the shower
Failure is the only damn way we learn. Have you failed? Yes. Will you fail more? All the time. And that’s the best thing that can ever happen to you. When you stop failing, you stop learning. And then you’re of no use to anyone.
Failure in Life is for Learning to get success
People may spend their whole lives climbing the ladder of success only to find, once they reach the top, that the ladder is leaning against the wrong wall.” - Thomas Merton.   What do you want to see when you reach the top of the ladder?
We do not grow when things are going well. We grow when things are challenging. Problems are the key ingredient in personal growth.
If you are too lazy to plow, then you should never expect a harvest.
pride only gurantees you will LOSE - whether now or eventually - what it will be that you lose or who it will be - only time will tell ... - (G Swiss)
I see many more successes and wins from those working to be better over those trying to be the best.   Remove the hype, the hate and the ego in your growth to truly grow to your potential and beyond.   Stop subscribing to the idea that you have to be the best.
Being the first to start or leave does not necessarily mean that you will be the first to finish or arrive. Or that you will finish or arrive.
Great success never comes without great struggle. Then why do we fear failure and struggle?
Philosophy of mind is more important for success and happiness than ambition, education, or status.
Success comes in cans, not cannots.
I have learned this important lesson: no one really knows what he or she is doing. The difference between the people who go for it and the people who don't? The people who go for it just ignore the fact that they don't know what they're doing.
I was only a few years away from becoming an overnight success.
Progress Is A Process... - (G Swiss)
Siri ya mafanikio ni shida!
Remember an arrow can only be shot by pulling it backwards; so when you feel like life is dragging you down with difficulties, it simply means that it's going to launch you to something great. So just focus and keep aiming - Unknown
Heroes inevitably experience at least one very big failure that tests whether they have the resilience to come back and fight smarter and with more determination.
The mirrors of capitalism will never reflect us as wealthy, successful or even worthy.   - Change perception
Will it take the death of me to finally learn that the things that I describe as success may very well be the death of me?
What you think of yourself in your mind is nobody's business. Make it count.
The best judge is the one who knows what is best, and has stand in the same shoes while trying to succeed in the same goal.
We get so used to thinking success means on thing,' she said. 'Like you can take a snapshot and see if you have it. It's not like that. It's your whole life, and you have years and years to work with. I always wants to tell young people, don't be so hard on yourself. Life is long. Be patient.
Our future success is directly proportional to our ability to understand, adopt and integrate new technology into our work.
Real enemies usually reveal themselves and you dare to stand up to them because you know that is the right thing to do, but if you have false friends who are camouflaged on the exterior, you have to dare to stand up to them even more because they will hurt you deeper and more permanent than your real enemies.
If your understanding lacks the ability to explain what you understand to people of all ages, then you have not really understood.
All it takes is one lie to be disbelieved; All it takes is one cheat to be distrusted; All it takes is one bad word to be excluded; All it takes is one heartbreaking to be hated; All it takes is one breath to be alive; All it takes is one steal to be cast out; All it takes is one last push to be winner; All it takes is one gossip to be whisperer;  All it takes is one espionage to be backstabber; All it takes is one call to be remembered; All it takes is one nice word to be included; All it takes is one thank you to be appreciated; All it takes is one lousy comment to be ignorant; All it takes is one severe error to be failure; All it takes is one misbehavior to be labeled; All it takes is one slaying to be evil; All it takes is one smile to be welcome; All it takes is one giving in to be surrendered for life; All it takes is one victory to be taken seriously; All it takes is one failure to be ridiculed and scorned; All it takes is one hope to be believer; All it takes is one promise to be counted on.
Sometimes look at life thinking... the easy way is always the wrong way and the hard way is always the right way. But yet still that doesn’t include the being patient and understanding way.
Standing for even the smallest things as a start will enable you to stand for greater things in life.
Now I realize that I want Leo to be like my father. I don't just want him to be happy, but also to make everyone around him happier. To not only be creative, but to make everyone around him more creative. To not only be successful, but to make everyone around him more successful. I don't just want him to be a bright light; I want him to make others shine brighter as well.
Earlier adopters will be ultimate winners.
Real enemies usually reveal themselves and you dare to stand up to them because you know that is the right thing to do, but if you have false friends who are camouflaged on the exterior, you have dare to stand up to them even more because they will hurt you deeper and more permanent than your real enemies.
I love pressure, so deadlines don't scare me; bring it on!
Dreams will never let you down. Only you can do that.
The most difficult thing about success is finding someone who would be happy for you.
Loving someone deeply and being loved by someone equally makes you a complete person.
If everyone is thinking alike, someone is not thinking
Be interested in finding the best way, not in having your way
Success without happiness is a mirage of life.
Judging people because of their unique differences is easy, take the time to love them.
My definition of success is fulfillment. The bonus is that a person who’s fulfilled sleeps well at night and wakes up refreshed.
You cannot possibly live a million lives even if you were the world's richest person alive, sure you can through books.
Unlike any other organ in human body, the brain cells are stimulated by key ingredients like imagination, fantasy, creativity, craziness, courage, passion, and even nonsense. Without these, you have a brain with dead cells.
Never measure success by other peoples standards. "Accomplishing YOUR OWN goals gives YOU the right to dictate YOUR own Success.
You may have all the knowledge one can possibly acquire, but it is useless unless it is molded and transformed by the power of imagination.
Im loved for my ambition but hated for my success.
If anyone can make a difference in this life, it's YOU!
We forget to live while we are too busy making plans how to live our lives.
Don’t be resentful of others’ success, celebrate it. Success is not a limited resource and other people’s success doesn’t have to hinder yours.
Female valedictorians marry a little later and participate somewhat more heavily in paid work than women in their age group nationally.
Male valedictorians attended Harvard, Yale, Princeton, MIT, and Stanford. Only one woman chose an Ivy League university-Cornell.
Women—and only women—lowered their intellectual self-esteem between high school graduation and sophomore year of college.
For academically talented women, in contrast, school success does not guarantee occupational success. Even the best female college students need people who will support them, encourage them, and – most important—who will connect them to opportunities.
Outstanding students of color arrived on campus without the web of white middle-class family and school structures that provided Anglo students with practical knowledge in such areas as college choice strategies and career planning.
College bonds weakened for students of who lived off campus, took outside employment, and maintained active family commitments. Unskilled in navigating the university, these students were unlikely to enter the personal networks where insiders traded the practical information they desperately needed.
For minority students, as for women and working-class white valedictorians, superior college grades did not lead smoothly to high-level satisfying work.
The stories of successful channels, stifling ruts, and missed paths all point to the same conclusion: the successful passage from school to postschool achievement requires an interpersonal process of increasing self-understanding, career socialization, and tacit knowledge.
Academically capable men and women almost never follow a single-minded interest from childhood into careers.
The happiest have found adult achievement arenas that do engage them, occasionally through the luck of good early choices, sometimes by leaving worn paths, and most often through exploring themselves and careers with the help of guides and sponsors.
Just as the stereotypes of the one-sided academic grind or the obsessed genius are myths for high school valedictorians, also false is the conception of academic achievers as troubled individuals effective only in school.
As a group, valedictorians have always led well-rounded, socially integrated, ‘normal’ lives.
Extremely talented students face an odd danger: they do so well in the paths they choose that they might not question whether the direction really fits them.
In their early thirties, the most career-invested women and men in the Illinois Valedictorian Project are those who have found deep personal meaning in vocations. Those qualities and conditions that keep students centered on work are different than those that made them high school valedictorian.
To reach the head of the class, students needed to conform to the school system and work equally hard at all subjects.
Valedictorians were highly motivated to excel academically because of early family and school experiences.
Higher education, in contrast, did not always keep its promise to develop the talents of even its best students. Left with classroom achievement alone, many students never found a negotiable path to a clearly envisioned career corresponding to their deepest interests and values.
For all students, a network of career exploration opportunities, sponsors, and mentors is a critical accompaniment to coursework.
Are schools rewarding the right people as the highest achievers? If the goal is hard-working, productive, adaptable adults, then U.S. high schools are recognizing precisely the correct group.
Gunning for the milestone payments is the key to the success of a project.
As valedictorians matured from high school they began to change their views of success from stereotypical ideals such as material wealth or emulating their parents’ lifestyle to an idea created on their own. They now sought balance between money, career and family as opposed to, say, only wealth. Academically and careerwise most of them were traditionally successful.
Above all, the path of happiness embodies two qualities: success and gratitude. Success in the simple sense of striving for something and achieving it, and gratitude for being thankful for that which we have achieved. In simple words, happiness comes from our ongoing success in, and gratefulness for, being who we truly are.
The record is clear; nothing succeeds like success and there is no predictor of academic success better than a history of academic success.
Transformation is not five minutes from now; it's a present activity. In this moment you can make a different choice, and it's these small choices and successes that build up over time to help cultivate a healthy self-image and self esteem.
Dreams are just dreams, nothing is real about them; but if you forget to live in the real world, then even the most fictitious dreams will feel real.
Are valedictorians successful a decade and a half after high school? Yes is the simple answer to this straightforward question…Yet the answer becomes infinitely less simple when we examine what society and the valedictorians themselves mean by “success.
A non-reader has no advantage over the blind; the former is someone who makes a personal choice to act in ignorance, whereas the latter is someone who is visually impaired.
BEWARE OF THOSE  Beware of those who are bitter, For they will never allow you To enjoy your fruit.  Beware of those who criticize you When you deserve some praise for an achievement, For they secretly desire to be worshiped.  Beware of those who are needy or stingy, For they would rather sting you Than give you anything.  Beware of those who are always hungry. They will feed you to the wolves Just to get paid.  Beware of those who speak negatively About everything and everybody. A negative person will never say A positive thing about you.  Beware of those who are bored And not passionate about life. They will bore you with reasons for not living.  Beware of those who are too focused with Polishing and beautifying their outer shells. They lack true substance to understand That genuine beauty is in the heart that resides inside.  Beware of those who step in the path of your dreams. They only dream to have the ability To take half your steps.  Beware of those who steer you away From your heart’s true happiness. It would make them happy to see you Steer yourself next to them, Sitting with both your hearts bitter.  Those who are critical don’t like being criticized, And those who are insensitive have a deficiency in their senses.  And finally, Beware of those who tell you to BEWARE. They are too aware of everything – And live alone, scared.
They were all in it together. Together, they could all savor success. They all labored under the same exhaustion. It was therefore a shame she felt so alone.
Don't give up on yourself. Leave that for the other people.
We sometimes congratulate someone, not because we value or find worthy what they have just achieved, but only because we fear coming across as jealous.
What should scare you is not knowing what you don’t know. Always be eager to learn for knowledge is power.
My biggest fear is seeing myself in a grave without becoming the President of Haiti one day to save my country.
We spend a huge chunk of our lives worrying about whether or not we will eventually get the person and/or the things we need or want. Once we get them, we spend the rest of our lives worrying about whether or not we will eventually lose them.
All feedback is relevant, even if it's not true.
Research is an endless loop of failures interspersed with occasional profound discoveries.
To be number one is to be publicly labeled a winner in the system that counts – a system of advancement through personal merit and effort in rugged competition. Labels of success – Rhodes scholar, Nobel laureate, Heisman Trophy winner – follow a person through life and define him or her to the public. One such label, valedictorian, marks academic winners. Schools in the United States have at least one common belief: high academic achievement is a good thing.
From kindergarten to the valedictory address, schools grade, rank, and label their best performers. The top high school student wins the first major life contest, a competition in which most members of society participate. Following high school, victors enter subsequent contests at an advantage. The race is never restarted.
That is, ability, values, opportunities, gender, culture, and social class all affect the aspirations and achievements of academically talented students. So does chance.
One of the problems with having time to read all that you want is that your interests become so eclectic it's hard to focus.
The only way to fail, is when you allow it to happen.
Before fall in love make some money otherwise you will face lots of problem, also you can be lost your special one. Without money in this generation you can not get success in your love life.
Like a tree, let your roots ground you while your branches grow in many different directions with every new experience.
Read what you can, and read all you can without keeping a record of how many books you have read or how little time is left.
Life went on before you, goes on with you, and will go on without you. Live it to the fullest, enjoy every moment, always have time for real friends and loved ones, learn as much as you can, and be the best human being you believe you can be, not the person who people around you want you to be.
If you feel inferior all the time, this means that you regularly let people say and do to you whatever they feel like.
If you want to live an effortless life, believe me you will not live, you will just exist because living in the true sense requires you to put constant efforts day in day out.
Success is a game which we measure not by the intentions of our opponents, but by the effects of their play.
If your plans are failing, search your motives. When you do things for the wrong reasons, do not expect God to back you up.
Hardships are never made easy.
You Have The Holy Spirit That's All You Need For That's All It Takes!
Ukikaa nyuma yangu utafanikiwa, ukikaa mbele utaanguka.
I am The Woman That Some Love, Some Admire, Some Envy, Some Hate....But None Ignores, I Have So much Influence!
You’re so quiet and subdued! You worry me. Are you well?”  “Quite well. Deflated, perhaps. I have been deserted by my enemies. The affair is over. I am done.
Each breath we take means that we are a success in life. Each step forwards means that we are heading in the right direction. Each dream we have means that we are imaginative and can see our future. Each failure means that we are learning by our mistakes and efforts. Each success means that we have many more ahead of us and not behind.
Don't think less of me as a person because of my profession.
If a person labors diligently and has vital qualities, such a person will be very wealthy and successful
Every failure makes me to work twice as hard than me giving up.
Success is continually a relative of sweat.
Think fast, make a decision, do it and the powers of the Universe are with you.
Instead of worrying or scaring Take the Laws of the Universe, Take the method or technique you know; If for some reason this method does not work for you, Learn another one fit for you AND FIX THAT
If you think you can't Do something, Think deeper, Work harder Change the way Change a method And you will realize What you want
Instead of worry, you believe  Instead of fear, be sure you can  Instead of run away ,take the action  And All powers of Universe  Will create for you,what you want
God has placed everything in you to succeed
You need more faith in self than in God to be successful on earth
You might be successful on earth without faith in God
Faith in God is not a compulsory factor for you to be successful on earth, but you will be a failure in heaven without faith in God
People are successful today because they work hard with an incredible faith in themselves in converting their time
You have a choice, you can be someone who makes it happen or someone who lets it happen.
The dreams that you have today will become the reality of tomorrow if you truly believe in them.
........Anthony T. Hincks......... ..........An author of life...........
The only true test of values, either of men or of things, is that of their ability to make the world a better place in which to live.
The idea that only a few are meant for success or greatness is nothing but a myth
Invest today, so as to get from it the utmost health, happiness and success
Your successes were never due to your brains. You achieved them because you have “character.
I take care of the future by controlling the past.
Godliness makes a man great.
Don't hate that is the only way you will progress to success. Learn to congratulate and compliment others when they do good, win or succeed.
The best success is defined by happiness not by achievement.
Success is the byproduct of a creative imagination.
The right to education should be protected, preserved and cultivated. The efforts to better the system are good. but they are not enough. We need to work together to change access and to also change how we are taught
From the sadness, learn something; from the happiness, learn something. From the setbacks, learn something and even from the success learn something. Never stop learning from any situation in life, for that is where the wisdom lies
As humans, the development of our personality and success in life is not influenced only by our innate inherited traits
Our success and how well we develop in life is greatly influenced by our perceptions, responses and decisions during challenging times
The adherent who believes in the hard working ethics of the black man experiences continuous success and development
If you think not, you won't!
Plowing like a Negro” is actually the way to success
Your beliefs can be a prison system created by your mind for yourself. But the door is not locked. If you are aware, you can always come out of that.
Sensuality is instrumental to developing the confidence for personal and professional success.
I don't make much of a living, but I do live much of a making.
The man who waits to know everything is the man who never does anything.
The difference between successful and unsuccessful people is how much value they attach to time
The skill of setting goals and achieving them is the ultimate skill you can ever master.
Greatness is the born of ordinary men who decided to work extraordinarily hard.
The difference between ‘wanting’ something and ‘having’ something is ‘doing’ something.
Success had put me on the wrong track and I did not know that there is a kind of success worse than failure, and a kind of failure worth all the success in the world. Neither did I know that the distant friendship of Rainer Maria Rilke would one day console me for having seen his lamp burn without knowing that it was signalling me to go and singe my wings against its flame.
When it cones to 'change', you are either a leader or a follower; leaders create change, shape it, live it and be the change; followers on the other hand serve to the change and those who create it, furthermore they are forced to live somebody else's change. So, it is time for you to make a decision what you choose to be, a leader or a follower.
If you don't know where you are going, you will never get there.
Support and trust are time-tested tools but they prove deceptive in certain areas. Do not depend too much on trust and support. They are like the waves touching the shore.
Success is not just to be at peace with your achievements. It is also developing the ability to inspire people around you.
You may have given the best of everything to your family but if you failed to inspire the right values, if your arrogance is remembered more than your love, if you don’t get the respect that you expect; the accountability lies with you and how far you escorted yourself in the pursuit of success.
If we change our station in life, people’s attitudes towards us may change. True, but the people who genuinely love us, care about us and want the best for us will be happy for our success.
When you know people, and those people know what you do, success knows how to find you.
Successful people do what they love, not what they are told to do.
Become successful! That's the only way people hear what you say.
You can't future proof your role, but you can future proof your career
Knowing how to write the new rulebook for your career gives you a competitive advantage that will last long into the future.
It is not reputation, wealth, fame, success or religiosity that glorifies God. It's slavery.
Do what you have to do... before you do what you want to do.
It is the investment of time that gives birth to success
You are responsible for your success
Success is the ability to live life the way you want without compromising values.
Time plays a major role in achieving success
When it comes to 'change', you are either a leader or a follower; leaders create change, shape it, live it and be the change; followers on the other hand serve to the change and those who create it, furthermore they are forced to live somebody else's change. So, it is time for you to make a decision what you choose to be, a leader or a follower.
Nations that have successfully converted better are those ones we refer to as developed nations today
The difference between failure and success is conversion
If you can successfully convert your time effectively, you will become unstoppable and your success will amaze the world
Your body is made to move so move it.
People say they can do great things, but runners never become runners until they run, and you will never become whatever it is you wish to be, unless you do it by taking that first step.
To succeed in the world, you do not need luck or favoritism; what you need is you already have, try, try again, and try harder. Other essential ingredients are commitment, dedication, consistency, and the iron-will.
Never underestimate or fail to appreciate the power of a good run.
Lace up those shoes, breathe deep, and get out there. You’ve got miracles to make happen today.
Treadmill sweat isn't as sweet as trail sweat.
People who run for the love of running understand that life is about moving forward.
If you can’t run fast, run slow. If you can’t run slow, walk. If you can’t walk, crawl. All that matters is that you don’t stop moving.
A finish line is never an end, it’s a marker that proves your dreams can become realities.
How far can you run? You’ll never know if you don’t move.
The road for runners is paved with answers, clarity, and peace.
It is not how fast or how far, but how often you run that makes you a real runner.
No one has ever said, “Sorry I went running this morning.
When you run, every step you take leaves your weaker self behind and brings you one step closer to the strongest person you can be.
There are two kinds of success: Good success and bad success! Good success is to be successful without jostling people around or walking over others!
How long you run matters. How far you run counts. But the fact that you run is what makes you a runner.
You only stop trying when you are physically or/and mentally unable to do so; if neither one is the case, then do yourself a favor and don't create silly excuses for not trying.
The road to success lies in the heart of knowing what you want to do in life and do it; some call it destiny.
Don't be upset when you see people around you get surprised at your great success. Their reaction is natural because they simply knew you before you became a man/woman of success.
Courage is making a difference in your life and in the world; Courage is standing up for yourself and against injustice; Courage is appreciating differences despite what others think; Courage is taking risks no matter how terrified you are; Courage is daring to do what most people are afraid of doing; Courage is standing tall after the hardest fall; Courage is starting fresh after you lost everything you owned; Courage is living every day with a purpose despite obstacles; Courage is getting up and voicing your opinion without fear; Courage is accepting change, moreover being the change; Courage is fighting for your rights even it costs your life; Courage is apologizing and saying sorry for wrongdoing; Courage is standing firm against racism and anybody who is racist; Courage is taking actions to save the lives of others; Courage is telling the truth no matter what; Courage is spending your life towards improving the human existence; Courage is...
The spirit of the eagle flies within us all.
Success is not important,  It's the lessons you learn during the process that makes all the difference.
Though you have failed before, there is no guarantee that you will fail again. Try, try again because if you stop trying you can never succeed.
Make your success a habit not just an act of whim.
The problem is us. We don't look up to people who have made it in life to inspire us. Wanting to know how they made it. Instead, we look down to people who have failed in trying to make it. That we don't want to start or try for ourselves because we don't want to end up like them.
What is the key to life? What will ensure good success? Living a God-centered and Holy Spirit led life. Simple. Uncomplicated
No matter what role you play in a meeting, how you show up in that role is critical to the meeting’s success.
If you don't like what you see when you look in the mirror and you don't have a clue what you want in life, then it is going to be nearly impossible for you to do anything and be successful at it.
There is no challenge in knowing the outcome of what you are attempting to do, the real challenge is not knowing how what you are doing is going to turn out, or even better, attempting to do something that everybody tells you absolutely impossible to do.
When it cones to 'change', you are either a leader or follower; leaders create change, shape it, live it and be the change; followers on the other hand serve to the change and are forced to live somebody else's change. So, it is time for you to decide what you choose to be, a leader or a follower.
When you get into the dark room  You do not open the window and throw out the darkness You push the button and the light is there If you feel the darkness in yourself Do not bother to throw it out Bring light into yourself and the darkness will disappear Slobodan Boban Manic
If some people would work on themselves more than on others They would make this world much better for life Slobodan Boban Manic
Dear Healer I do not want to hear "beautiful stories" about "wonderful" energies. I want to see the result Slobodan Boban Manic
Run for fun. Run for exercise. Run for a better life.
People are given full freedom of decision-making Some use it for good and be good Some use it for evil, and be evil When those who use evil, sword of destiny swinging through their lives, They experience greater pain and suffering than those to whom they gave it Slobodan Boban Manic
The right reason will reap the desired result,
Life's Too Short. Dream Big And Commit Big Because You Deserve To Live the Life You Dream.
No one made it to the top without the help from others
There is no obstacle on the path of love not because they do not exist but because love ruins them Slobodan Boban Manic
Being relaxed does not mean being soft and weak Slobodan Boban Manic
Your powers are great, you can do everything. If your life bring you a trouble that's just to get the best out of you, Shade exists only because the sun shines Diamond is created just under pressure Slobodan Boban Manic
Falling is not failing. Failing is failing to get back up when you fall.
The law says: you have the right to do what you like How big is that truth for those who know it and how it is a great misconception for those who do not know Slobodan Boban Manic
The Universe is neither good nor bad The Universe is always exact So, learn the Laws and Use them
Teachers should teach people about the laws of the Universe, love, healthy life My VISION about the FUTURE No Healers, No Doctors, Teaches only
The game of mind and emotions is eternal If YOU run the Game you'll see how the Universe gives a lot Slobodan Boban Manic
If money is your only measure of success, do not be surprised when it is all you have.
A new beginning comes from a new decision, and vise versa
As mathematicians, proportionality principle state that; if 2=4, 3=6, 4=8 and 5=10, so from above sequence, someone can easily guess the value of 6 which is 12. Therefore, in Leadership, if someone can lead 10 people successfully, and sometimes, he leads 50 people and 100 people successfully, so we do all agree that he can also manage 100, 1000, 1000000 people respectively and more. Therefore, it is in that view that, whenever, everyone is given a chance, he can show up his potential by doing something that were not expected from him. @berbason, 21st April, 2017
When a person wants something. He/She makes a plan. When a person does not want something. He/She makes excuses.
I spend my day in one of three fundamental positions: sitting down, laying down or standing up. And if I’m at all interested in making any progress in life, I might take a moment and consider the fact that two-thirds of these begin and end in the same place.
If you call your failures and all the bad things happen to you a destiny; or similarly, you call all the good things happen to you a fate, then the success happening to you is impossible in this line of logic. You do not wait around for success to happen to you, you happen to success; when it does, you can then call it destiny or fate, it does not really matter.
If you call your failures and all the bad things happen to you a destiny; or similarly, you call all the good things happen to you a fate, then the success happening to you is impossible in this line of logic. You do not wait around for success to happen to you, you happen to success; when your hard work and dedication leads to success, you can then call it anything you like, destiny or fate it does not really matter.
There are no guarantees of success, if there were, it would have not been called real success. Success is an outcome, what counts more is the process together with the act of striving to achieve success.
Don't just wish for success, earn it!
Real things are subject to change, which revolves around reality. Get out, start moving, and be the change unless you want to sit still and watch the change taking place all around you.
Your challenge will never get easier, but you will get stronger if you don’t quit.
Runners don’t just run to strengthen their bodies, they run to strengthen their spirits.
Those runners who hit their second wind know find something most of the world never discovers.
Happiness will bring out the best in you, and enable you to do what you want and who you want to become in life.
BEWARE OF THOSE  Beware of those who are bitter, For they will never allow you To enjoy your fruit.  Beware of those who criticize you When you deserve some praise for an achievement, For they secretly desire to be worshiped.  Beware of those who are needy or stingy, For they would rather sting you Than give you anything.  Beware of those who are always hungry. They will feed you to the wolves Just to get paid.  Beware of those who speak negatively About everything and everybody. A negative person will never say A positive thing about you.  Beware of those who are bored And not passionate about life. They will bore you with reasons for not living.  Beware of those who are too focused with Polishing and beautifying their outer shells. They lack true substance to understand That genuine beauty is in the heart that resides inside.  Beware of those who step in the path of your dreams. They only dream to have the ability To take half your steps.  Beware of those who steer you away From your heart’s true happiness. It would make them happy to see you Steer yourself next to them, Sitting with both your hearts bitter.  Those who are critical don’t like being criticized, And those who are insensitive have a deficiency in their senses.  And finally, Beware of those who tell you to BEWARE. They are too aware of everything – And live alone, scared.   BEWARE OF THOSE by Suzy Kassem
Sometimes my successes come quickly and at other times they are terribly slow to arrive. It is not my place to determine the speed at which they arrive or if they arrive at all. My place is to keep forging ahead no matter what.
Success is not just the destination; it’s the entire journey, every bit of it. It’s not just the outcome rather it’s the entire process.
Real, true, key success is honestly liking yourself.
Success comes to those who are so focused on their purpose that they are oblivious about failures.
Stop seeing discipline as something you hate or dislike; start embracing it, start loving it, start seeing it for the friend of your success that it really is, and start seeing comfort for the enemy of your success that it really is.
Failing with a positive attitude is a lot better than succeeding with a lousy one.
Success comes with the luxury of matching all your wants with all your needs.
Success is a rare occurrence while failure is in abundance.
Dare to face your competition, because running from it is associated with losers.
Failing with a positive attitude is a lot better than succeeding with a lousy attitude.
Living with a purpose in life is more fulfilling than living a rich lifestyle without a purpose.
Living with a purpose in life is more rewarding than living a rich lifestyle without a purpose.
If you want to reach the mountain top, expect to see rugged roads ahead.
Blaming external factors is not going to enable you to succeed in the next try because you are going to play the pointing finger game again.
When you are true to yourself, you know better than letting people influence your decisions to distract you from reaching your goals.
The journey of the success train is from the first station to the final destination; if you plan to get off in between, you should not waste your time taking this trip.
The journey of success train is from the first station to the final destination; if you plan to get off in between, you should not waste your time taking this trip.
No matter who you are or what you do, life is going to push you around. You just have to make it push you in the right direction.
Thanks to all my sufferings, I am a man of success today because of them.
When life sucks.  LIFE SUCKS!
Thanks to all my sufferings, I am a man of success because of them.
Instead of working hard for money, why not make money work hard for you; this way, you can have more time to enjoy life.
When you want the absolute best chance to succeed at anything you want, your approach should always be the same. Go small.
you have to have the fight to win to win the fight - (G Swiss)
YOU HAVE TO BE WILLING TO RISK A LOSS TO WIN IT ALL!! - (G SWISS)
Failure is just a realization to better way to success.
Failing is not the end of the world, but not trying is. I am who I am because I dared to fail and I was willing to learn from my failures.
Your competence or success have no significance if you are devoid of compassion and kindness.
If you do the right things today, you will be the right man tomorrow.
While success enjoys audience, failure on the other hand can't stand a witness.
After your first failure, the occurrence of a second failure closely depends on what you have learned from your past mistakes and whether or not you have drawn some valuable lessons.
If success is the peak (or the summit), or the final destination in the success journey, then failures should be treated as the stepping stones (stairs) to reach success.
If you do not dare, don't expect to have prosperity.
The great inventions would have not become a reality if their inventors listened to criticism or paid attention to people who tried to hold them back on their dreams. I advice you only share your dreams with those who think that you are extraordinary, not ordinary.
The great inventions would have never become a reality if their inventors listened to criticism or paid attention to people who tried to hold them back on their dreams. I advice you only share your dreams with those who think that you are extraordinary, not ordinary.
Encouraging others will help you achieve success, because happy people with high self-esteem and self-confidence are more willing to work harder. Also, they would do things beyond your expectations that you would have not gotten them to do by bossing them around.
Encouraging others will help you achieve own success. It is scientifically proven that happy people with high self-esteem and self-confidence are more willing to work harder. Happy people would do things beyond your expectations that you would have not gotten them to do by bossing them around.
I don't Care when I suffer because i know The best is coming after the Worst so i hold on strong to my Dreams and hope until it all accomplished
Success is proportion to what you possess; skills, knowledge, commitment, will, and courage. And the level of your success will depend on how effectively you utilize them.
You cannot possibly know what gives you discomfort unless you step outside your comfort zone, this where change begins.
A failure gives you some ideas about challenges and obstacles in the uphill road to success, not recognizing them can be fatal.
You cannot possibly know what gives you discomfort unless you step outside your comfort zone, this is where change begins.
Success may be within reach or beyond reach, it is a matter of how you want to look at it. If you are committed with an iron will, than success will be within reach for you no matter what.
The definition of success differs from person to person; so if you are trying to succeed according to somebody else's definition, you may end up failing miserably.
Don't let things that you cannot do discourage you and hold you back from things that you can do. It would be irrational to think that one can do everything; in this line of logic, self-analysis is crucial, meaning every person must analyze his/her true capacity, examine the current skills, and determine any essential future requirements.
Sure you cannot move a mountain physically, but if you don't have the right mind-set, or you don't put your mind into it, you cannot possibly move even the smallest piece of stone, which is an essential step in succeeding a mountainous task.
Deciding what you want or who you want to be have a cost, before doing the either one, you must first decide whether you are ready and you dare to pay the price or not.
Repeating success of the same thing is not success; if you want to be taken seriously, repeat your success or achieve bigger success doing other things.
Success requires patience; rushing and jumping into conclusion may adversely affect the likelihood of your success. Keep in mind, you can only harvest the grown seeds that you had planted previously.
There is no mystery, no formula, or no secret to success: be yourself, trust your ability, be persistent, have an iron-will, be committed, work hard (and harder), and never give up no matter how many times you fail. Failures and drawing valuable lessons from them make success inevitable, and that much more precious.
A failure does not make anyone a victim, and certainly you should not feel like one after your first failure. However, if you do not get up after a fall and give it another try, then you will be a real victim.
Emotions such as disappointments or regrets after failures may be common, but trying again and again will overcome these feelings.
Setting goals is a crucial step in the achievement of success, however the outcomes may be varied if you set your goals not based on what you deem important, but based on what others deem important.
Every risk bears with it the seeds of an opportunity: failure - success, fall - rise, and setback - come-back.
Throughout my life, I have not done things just because somebody deemed important; this why I am successful today.
Achieving quite easy things does not earn you glory, but getting right back up from the hardest fall to succeed gives you the feeling of real glory.
If everything was easy and life was beautiful in the absence of countless challenges and obstacles, success would have meant nothing of importance. Unfortunately, the real life today is not easy nor beautiful; there are tough challenges and never-ending obstacles; all of which and more might make you scream your head off, feel extreme frustration, or even go bananas. This is exactly why success is hard to achieve, and when you, you feel real glory.
No one or nothing determines your destiny, it is shaped by the consequences of all the things you do and the decisions you make.
Only start something if you intend to finish it, otherwise it is going to be a waste of resources.
You need to find out, what you love most from the core of your heart, and for success you need to invest your time and energy on that.
From the sadness, learn something; from the happiness, learn something. From the setback, learn something and even from the success learn something. Never stop learning from any situation in life, for that is where the wisdom lies.
The three great essentials of success are, first, try; second, try again; and third, keep trying.
Success begins with a dream; a dream of making it, and a dream of succeeding. If you strongly believe in your dream, and you are mentally as well as physically prepared to do what it takes, the success will be automatic.
Having an iron will is what separates successful people from others. Of course right skill sets, knowledge, and other essential ingredients are important but a lack in will, even if everything else is present, is going to result in a failure.
The two common characteristics of people who repeatedly fail are hardly ever listening and never learning from past failures.
Wining is a natural outcome of persistent trying which may consist of many failures.
Winning is a natural outcome of persistent trying which may consist of many failures.
People who constantly brag about their success are one-time achievers. On the other hand, people with repeated successes are humble, who hardly ever talk about their achievements.
You are tempted to talk about your success; moreover, you want the whole world to hear about it. But don't, keeping quiet will get people to recognize and appreciate your success more.
Success comes at cost, therefore the attainment of success can be viewed as an exchange, through which, you give up something to get it.
Success may consist of more than one failure, but the causes of which will be varied nor the same mistake will be repeated as a second time.
A great success usually consists of more than one failure, but the causes are varied and the same mistake will not be repeated as a second time.
Dare to admit to your mistakes; do not worry, we all make them. Besides, a weakness is certainly not a destiny, but rather an opportunity to improve yourself as well as to strengthen your Achilles heel.
Yesterday is of the past, so move on. Tomorrow is of the future, which is unknown that has not happened yet. Today is what you have, which is a gift, and like any gift, it should be welcome, treated with respect, and spent wisely.
When you associate with great people, dreamers, high achievers, inventors, entrepreneurs; you soon become like them. Conversely, when you walk with losers, liars, cheaters, or crooks; you transform into one.
If you think you are great and know everything, it is less likely that you will have great success.
Failing is not something to fear as long as you get up after you fall hard; however, you should be greatly concerned when you fall, you stay down and surrender yourself to the failure.
If you have failed once and survived, you are a better person. But if you have failed many times and survived, you are a person of steel.
Achieving even little things require confidence, courage, and believing in yourself; but achieving great things is hardly possible in the absence of great failures. If you are constantly afraid of failing, unfortunately you will be confined to a mediocre performance.
The will is half of success; the other half is equally divided into skills - ten percent, commitment - ten percent, courage - ten percent, hard work - ten percent, and planning/execution - ten percent. Without the will, even everything else is provided, you are still only half successful.
If you want something, you must go out and get it yourself because you do not get what you want in life by demanding.
There is no rule that you must do great things, but whatever you do, you must do your absolute best.
When you get up every morning, be grateful that you are alive; most importantly have a purpose as you arise from your bed, because each day without a purpose does not really count.
There is no such thing as infinite number of trying to achieve success of the same thing; at some point, you must either change what you do or how you do it. Keep in mind that being stubborn about it may cost you an unbearable amount.
There is no such thing as infinite number of trying to achieve success of the same thing. At some point, you must either change what you do or how you do it. Keep in mind that being stubborn about it may cost you an unbearable amount.
When you get up every morning, be grateful that you are alive. Most importantly, have a purpose as you arise from your bed, because each day spent without a purpose does not count at all.
There are two sides to every risk; one side consists of success, while the other side consists of failure. In order to achieve great success, one must fail enough times.
Having fun at what you do for work is going to substantially increase the possibility of you becoming successful.
Improvement at anything is based on a thousand of tiny failures, ...and the magnitude of your success is based on how many times you've failed at something.
The do-somethings will always be judged by the do-nothings... Those who dare are always hated by those who cower.
When the warrior fails in any one particular pursuit of knowledge he is not defeated, because in walking the path of knowledge we fight many battles – some we win, some we lose. Success lies not in how many battles we have won, but in how well we have fought.
Life is too short, dare to enjoy every minute. Life is too short, dare to love everybody. Life is too short, dare to make best of it. Life is too short, dare to have a grateful heart. Life is too short, dare to keep smiling. Life is too short, dare to have no regrets. Life is too short, dare to have no heartbreaks. Life is too short, dare to extend hand to needy people. Life is too short, dare to fight injustice. Life is too short, dare to be all you can be. Life is too short, dare to tell the truth at all times. Life is too short, dare to see the world. Life is too short, dare to forgive and forget. Life is too short, dare to waste no time. Life is too short, dare to burn no bridges. Life is too short, dare to be more brave than weak. Life is too short, dare to prioritize things of importance. Life is too short, dare to spend your time with those who you care. Life is too short, dare to be around people who believe in you. Life is too short, dare to share your stories with others. Life is too short, dare to do things you enjoy most. Life is too short, dare to start your day with a positive attitude. Life is too short, dare to live your life with a purpose. Life is too short, dare to be surrounded by people who share your dreams. Life is too short, dare to go to places you feel most excited about. Life is too short, dare to love like there is no tomorrow. Life is too short, dare to get out of the house every day. Life is too short, dare to spend time with friends. Life is too short, dare to
People who discipline themselves to get up and do things they don’t necessarily love or like doing, but do it regardless to succeed are people who will get the results and the success they are looking for.
Sometimes you've got to do things you dislike to get a life you’ll love to have. Sometimes you have to sacrifice joy and comfort in the present to get greater joy and comfort in the future.
It is easy to fail, but if you do not pay attention and learn from your mistakes, it will never be possible to succeed,
Never stop loving, never stop evolving, never stop existing, never give up, never resist to change never lie, never stop telling truth, never stop trusting, never stereotype, never judge, never cheat, never be manipulated, never be enslaved, never stop learning, never stop improving, never stop moving, never stop kicking, never stop innovating, never be shy, never conceal facts, never obstruct justice, never fight for no reason, never stop craving for knowledge, never stop keeping your head up, never stop shooting for stars, never sell yourself short, never give promises you can't keep, never stop complementing, never stop thanking, never stop appreciating life, never stop being grateful, never be dishonest, never be a loser, never stop working hard, never stop dreaming, never stop imagining, never forget your past, never think in the box, never be arrogant, never stop trying, and never stop...
The success of any country relies on the commitment of its leaders to serve others.
Every detour puts you on the right path for your own success.
If you’re not losing you’re not winning. Your losses create your ability to win.
Success is a habit, not an action.
a good man does what is right and not what is convenient, he doesn't take a quick shortcut but takes the road that will build his character and at the end leads him to success
Success is sacrifice.
We will always feel inadequate for as long as we view success from a capitalist lens
You cannot be upset about results you don't have from work you didn't do.
Many people measure their self-worth based on how much money they make... once one is able to provide for basic physical needs (food shelter, and so on), the correlation between happiness and worldly success quickly approaches zero.
Believe in yourself is half of the success, and the other half is not fearing failure.
I hired a gold medallist from an ivy league that rejected me 20 years ago...success has many dimensions.
Life is too short, dare to enjoy every minute. Life is too short, dare to love everybody. Life is too short, dare to make best of it. Life is too short, dare to have a grateful heart. Life is too short, dare to keep smiling. Life is too short, dare to have no regrets. Life is too short, dare to have no heartbreaks. Life is too short, dare to extend hand to needy people. Life is too short, dare to fight injustice. Life is too short, dare to be all you can be. Life is too short, dare to tell the truth at all times. Life is too short, dare to see the world. Life is too short, dare to forgive and forget. Life is too short, dare to waste no time. Life is too short, dare to burn no bridges. Life is too short, dare to be more brave than weak. Life is too short, dare to prioritize things of importance. Life is too short, dare to spend your time with those who you care. Life is too short, dare to be around people who believe in you. Life is too short, dare to share your stories with others. Life is too short, dare to do things you enjoy most. Life is too short, dare to start your day with a positive attitude. Life is too short, dare to live your life with a purpose. Life is too short, dare to be surrounded by people who share your dreams. Life is too short, dare to go to places you feel most excited about. Life is too short, dare to love like there is no tomorrow. Life is too short, dare to get out of the house every day. Life is too short, dare to spend time with friends. Life is too short, dare to...you fill the blank.
You will have more opportunities to succeed if you spend less time to criticize others but more time to improve yourself.
If you want to accomplish something, you must get out and make things happen. Sitting on your ass will only make the clock move but nothing else, then failure is sure because the time spent unproductively or unprofitably can only lead to disappointment, and lots of it.
You are successful in my book if you do what you love for a living; you do not owe money to anyone; you have a place what you call home; you have a wife/husband, a girlfriend/boyfriend, or a partner who loves and respects you; and most importantly, you are surrounded by friends and loved ones who stand by you in good and bad days.
Success is not something that can be aimed; in fact, success is a natural outcome after so many unintended failures. You will be eventually successful if you believe in yourself, trust your intuition, do not fear failures, and let it happen without dwelling too much on "should have" "could have" and "would have". If you value every experience (good or bad) and draw lessons from it, your success will be assured in the long-run. Do yourself a favor, forget about the target, just do your best and allow things to take their natural course. Conversely, if you make the process of achieving success a target shooting, you are going to miss it, and miss it by far. After each miss, if getting it right becomes an obsession for you, then the overall result might be fatal.
Rowing against the current or running against the wind is not going to make you a successful person because success is achieved with minimum efforts but maximum gain.
Success is not something you can measure by the amount of money made or wealth created. No need to use special metaphors, it is rather simple, real success is what difference you have made in this world, forget the millions or billions you have made for yourself. There are more than seven billion people in this world, but we only remember and never forget those who unselfishly devoted their lives to add value so that the future can be a better place.
You can only achieve what you put your mind into. Now decide, you want to be a loser or you want to conquer the world.
Success is not something you can measure by the amount of money made or wealth created. No need to use special metaphors, it is rather simple, real success is what difference you have made in this world, forget the millions or billions you have made for yourself. There are more than seven billion people in this world, but we only remember and never forget those who unselfishly devoted their lives to added value so that the future can be a better place.
To succeed in the new year, you have to set your priority right, pursue your goals with zeal and do away with procrastination.
Accomplished people never sit around and wait for things to happen to them, they rather make things happen. More precisely, they happen to things.
She fulfills every purpose while touching the sky.   Can anything ever stop her fly?
Sometimes procrastination of one second can shut the door of success
Cooking food is a science but making people hungry is an art
If I get up every day with the optimism that I have the capacity for growth, then that’s success for me.
People who have their dreams fulfilled are those who go outside their comfort zones to fight for their dreams.
Success is found in living the life of your dreams. Be happy and you will live with success.
Pursue your transformation from a place of freedom and peace.
Sometimes to stand out you need to sit down.
There are strong people and there are people who claim to be strong. Strong people can conquer and survive anything , but people who claim to be strong lose and suffer in everything they do. The reason is people who claim to be strong don’t know that being strong it doesn’t mean you should not accept help or ask for help when needed. For them being strong Is faking doing well, holding pain and not crying and doing everything on their own. You are only strong when you admit your situation and on what’s really happening and find ways to deal with it. Sometimes might mean asking for help.
You alone can create the change you seel. But how? By accepting things as they are, you allow yourself to make apt choices.
That delicious moment when you realize people are reading your updates when they update their status with terms that only you know how to use them.
Success is complete only when it does not change who we are and neither pulls us away from our true friends.
You may have a thousand potentials inside of you but you will hardly achieve greatness if you don’t convert those potentials. Having potentials is cheap, the costly price of greatness is in the process of their conversion
If there were formula for success, mathematicians would have definitely held the top spot in the world's richest list.
Achieving success is not easy nor it is final, but sustaining one prolonged is a lot harder. Remember the road to success is often an uphill battle with many obstacles, along the way, you may fail more than once in this horrendous journey before reaching the summit. Keep in mind, none of the failures is fatal as long as you have the courage to get up after each fall, shake the dust off, and try even harder in your next attempt. After all, the process and the iron-will to continue counts more than the actual achievement of success.
O sucesso só é por inteiro quando não altera quem somos e não nos afasta dos nossos verdadeiros amigos.
Sharing pictures of yourself in front of houses you don’t own, standing by cars you don’t drive, and holding money that isn’t yours as you lie that it is, only sets you up for questions you can’t answer and a completely false foundation.
We can all be perfect We can all pretend that we are good to impress others Sometimes we either lie to ourselves nor to others We hide things because we are embarrased for things we have done And what happends then? What happends when you have earned your mate's sympathy? What happens when you start forgetting about your lies and you behave strange ? Strange for the mate of course cause for you, you are just being yourself.  This act of yours may last a day, a week, a month or maybe a year... it depends on how great actor you are. Eventually you will lose your mate You will lose a person on which you have spent a lot of time just trying. It is sad isn't it?  This person will hate you and after all you will become alone again. So what i have to say here is this Be always yourself not the one that others may want you to be Be honest and not the perfect lier Express yourself just like you feel  I know it is hard but , just consider this Why to spend so much time on a single person who eventually will not accept you as you trully are Why to lie and disrespect yourself, your character and all that you have accomplished untill this day? Honesty is painfull, pain makes you strong, being strong makes you successful and if you succeed you will be happy. Isn't this all about your happiness?
A wise man learns from his failures. A brilliant man learns how not to fail.
Sound body, serene mind, smiling face and sensible society is enough to live a satisfying social life.
Honesty and integrity are absolutely essential for success in life - all areas of life. The really good news is that anyone can develop both honesty and integrity.
Old lady failure died giving birth to twin giants named confidence &amp; optimism, but her name lives on as the mother of success.
Failures are onions, peppers, olive oil, tomatoes, oregano, and other spices; without these, certainly you cannot make your favorite meal. In this line of logic, failures would be the necessary ingredients to make success deliciously tasty.
Successful people cannot stand being alone because they always want to see people happy for them.
You can have all A's in life, but whether they make you a successful person or not depends on what you make of those A's. Book-smart people or students with a 4.0 grade point average may not turn into entrepreneurs nor successful business people.
Don't waste your time working on something that is not going to transform into anything. If you insist on moving a mountain, you are not going to move it by pinching small stones.
If perfection is your goal, the end result may be a failure; no matter how much or how hard you try, you will never achieve true perfection because it does not exist. Instead, you should absolutely try your best and leave everything else to unfold in its natural course.
You are successful because you had people believe in you; similarly, you are unsuccessful because you had no friend who believed in you.
If you want to get ahead in life, you do less talking and do more working.
If you think you know everything, you will be proven time after time that you only know very little. The right amount of confidence is a condiment for success, but overconfidence can be damaging, and fatal when it is coupled with ignorance and a big ego.
Your confidence, competence and belief will sustain you through the fear, uncertainty and doubt you will face. Knowing with everything you are, that you can do it.
Eventually, you get tired of seeing mediocre talent succeed, so you work as hard as they do.
The Purpose of Friendship To Me Is To Have One One To Complement And Not One To Compete With!
I am Not In This Place By Chance, I am Called , Chosen And Ordained; This Is Why I Fit In Perfectly
The business motivation behind creating a partnership is to dramatically accelerate revenue at a fraction of the cost.
Begging destroys Effectiveness and Increases Low Self-Esteem, So Quit Begging.
Basically, when you get to my age, you'll really measure your success in life by how many of the people you want to have love you actually do love you.  I know people who have a lot of money, and they get testimonial dinners and they get hospital wings named after them. But the truth is that nobody in the world loves them. If you get to my age in life and nobody thinks well of you, I don't care how big your bank account is, your life is a disaster.  That's the ultimate test of how you have lived your life. The trouble with love it that you can't buy it. You can buy sex. You can buy testimonial dinners. You can buy pamphlets that say how wonderful you are. But the only way to get love is to be lovable. It's very irritating if you have a lot of money. You'd like to think you could write a check: I'll buy a million dollars' worth of love. But it doesn't work that way. The more you give love away, the more you get."  — Warren Buffett
She had once seen a heron flying across the estuary and trying, while it was on the wing, to swallow an eel which it had caught. The eel, in turn, was struggling to escape from the gullet of the heron and appeared a quarter, a half, or occasionally three-quarters of the way out. The indecision expressed by both creatures was pitiable. They had taken on too much.
The Overlooked Expert is the person who's fully capable of starting and running a profitable business.
If Denise doesn’t have her money by Friday, you won’t even see it coming. You’ll just wake up in the hospital. Now, try me bitch.
Then the cop said, “Now, you guys could just start over. At least you’re not going to jail tonight.
I forgot about his boys surrounding me. I was too focused on not getting stabbed with the broken bottle.
I went home later that night, thinking about everything. I wanted revenge for my cousin, but what did I know about revenge?
K.C. wanted to look fancy for the crowd. I just wanted to kick his ass and embarrass him in front of everyone, to get him back. I did just that.
Fuck that! You think I’m gonna let the nigger get a gun? I’m gonna handle this shit now.
After that everyone understood that if they had to fight me, it was going to take a while, and like all bullies, they wanted an easy target.
I ran back into the emergency room crying, yelling, and screaming, “Somebody please help my mother. He is going to kill her!
Christmastime was coming. I didn’t even know what that was. I was six years old, and had never had a Christmas.
Society breeds convention. Individualism breeds invention.
People always tell me, Do your best. But I'd rather goof off.
The pursuit of social success, in the form of prestige or power or both, is the most important obstacle in a competitive society.
The pursuit of social success, in the form of prestige or power or both, is the most important obstacle to happiness in a competitive society.
Most children don't know freedom, because their life is a never-ending debt to their parents.
The deeper the roots the higher the tree
Shoot for the stars, land on the moon? Don't worry. You break the atmosphere either way.
We are only as great as the least among us.
When choosing friends, be careful of those who are not willing to rise up to be at your level, but who are trying everything in their power to bring you down to their level.
I have found the secret KEY to success... All I need to do now is... To find the DOOR...
Initially, inspiration can come from anywhere but to sustain inspiration one must take actions immediately before it fades away.
People don’t become great and successful by just having potentials, they become great and successful by converting their potentials. Potentials by themselves are of no value and mean nothing, it is their conversion that makes all the difference
Like everyone else, you want to learn the way to win, but never to accept the way to lose, to accept defeat, to learn to die is to be liberated from it. So when tomorrow comes, you must free your ambitious mind, and learn the art of dying.
In my view, he alone wins who does not desire to win, and he who wants to win loses.If someone is desiring and striving to win in life, it means that deep down he is lacking something, that he is suffering from an inferiority complex. Deep down, such a person is aware of the inferiority he is trying to cover through winning. And if, on the other hand, someone is not out to win it means he is already established in his eminence, there is not even a shade of inferiority in him to disprove by resorting to winning.
My fears teach me courage. My weaknesses coach me to strength. My scars remind me not to make the same mistakes. I can become who I long to be by loving who I am now.
Be sore tomorrow—not sorry.
All your small successes along the way, total your ultimate victory. Keep succeeding one small effort at a time. You'll get there.
What makes you a champ isn’t found at the starting line or the finish line, but somewhere in between. You’ve got this. Just keep moving forward.
It's easy to reach the top. You have to bow.
If you start and persist you will succeed.
If you persist in doing what everyone feels you can't do, they'll soon see your success and ask "how did you do it?
When you sense you need courage, you are going to next level of life.
Our obstacles are tough, so are our potentials. If we don't unleash our potentials, our obstacles will cripple us!
If you fail at an attempt, open your eyes to alternate approaches. If you defend your failure, you lose sight of new approaches.
Have 10 friends who believe in your dreams than 100 friends who never do. It's not about numbers; it's about purpose.
Do not leave the world a mediocre when you were born with the potentials for greatness. Do not die a failure when you were equipped with the capacity for success. Don’t die unrecognized and uncelebrated when you could have impacted the world with your potentials and left your footprint in the sand of time.
Potentials well expressed are the breeding grounds for greatness and success irrespective of whether we are white or black.
Never think success is for special breeds of humans. Truly success is for ordinary people, who keep wake while others are sleep!
If you want to make your independent identity, that staircase to success is a combination of 'The Confluence of Talent' &amp; 'Knowledge Sharing
It is potentials plus hard work that leads to greatness. It is my belief that most people irrespective of race or nationality will surprise themselves if they work hard and believe in their potentials.
The greatness of a nation is dependent on the potentials of its citizens. Great nations don’t make great people, only great people make great nations
Don't Concern about the outcome of your work, if you are struggling with the correct attitude and in the right direction, your success comes to you.
Which shoes are you going to put on, and where are you going to get them to take you TODAY?
One secret to living a great and successful life is to learn to develop and improve your potentials. Keep working on them, keep exercising and putting them to use. They get better and better the more you cultivate them.
Your inner voice is the most powerful coach you will ever have.
To change your body, you must first change your mind.
Kung alangan ka sa gagawin mo, wag mo nang ituloy, papalpak ka lang.
Sweat is a release of fat, of pain, of victory!
Successful people who don't know what to do with their recent success get quickly bored with it.
Do not let your ethics suffer from your extraordinary success.
Being overweight does not diminish your worth, but it takes a helluva toll on your sense of worth.
To be a success, look at the failure and see the light of success.
New year, new blessing, new grace and new opportunities, never allow the failures of the past to rub you of the blessings in the new year.
Focus not on the outcome of success but instead on the foundation of success. Train yourself with values of love, integrity, patience, courage, and compassion.
You can't achieve anything without getting in someone's way.
Success comes in direct proportion to the number of people you help.
It doesn't matter where you come from. It only matters where you are and where you want to go.
It is ironic how those so hungry for an honest opinion are so quickly offended by that honesty. If you are not ready to hear the bad with the good, do not ask.
The beginning is found in holding hope. Envision it. Envision your desires. Could it be? Could this be your future? Indeed, it can be if only you have the hope. See the truth of your dreams. The only way to begin is with a heart filled with hope for the future.
If you want success, you have to accept that results won’t be instantaneous. Everything good takes time to form. Give yourself a chance, a chance to succeed. A single right action won’t be life changing. Make your success a habit not just an act of whim. Try and try again. As long as you haven’t quit, you haven’t failed.
Encourage your own greatness.
The honor of your presentation, execution, experience, and growth will do much more for you and your career over false claims that have no substance yet.
The priviledges we didn't get, let us make sure that those coming after us get it. Let us clear the way, remove the stones, level the ground and decorate the side walks so that the coming generation of young Christians can run without having to struggle so much because of the road.
There is no mystery about failure, but success on the other hand is full of mystery; therefore, you must keep trying and learn from your mistakes because I, or anyone else for that matter, can't give you a quick success formula.
Are you living for leisure or leaving a legacy?
Success is the launch pad to significance.
Kuwa na uraibu wa mafanikio, si wa dawa.
No doubt success is an important goal, but adding value should be your utmost objective because many successful people are around but only a few of them add real value.
Just because someone emailed you does not make it an invitation to add them to your email list. Show a greater respect to those connected with you to grow greater engaged numbers. And the excuse of 'they can just unsubscribe' is pretty petty &amp; awfully unprofessional.
Two things prevent you from becoming a success: dwelling in the past with regret, and following others blindly.
I didn’t become a success; I just found my inner joy and happiness.
Kuwa teja wa mafanikio.
How critical it is to stay focused on Jesus Christ.
It’s very important to understand why you do the things you do. Your understanding will make you work harder and be passionate, your lack of understanding will make you doubt and to give up on what you are doing.
Without intention, you can’t begin anything. Without beginning, you cannot succeed in anything.
I am a success because I do my best before I rest.
Focus on the small things life already has offered you, else you may turn your boundless blessings to countless disappointments.
Success without happiness is nothing but miserable darkness.
Don't let your problems create a roadblock on the way to your success.
To live a life without success is insignificant. To live a life without loving others is miserable.
A man who is not eager to help others has no chance to be a success.
To have true success, you need a true desire to help.
Autumn is the time of year when Mother Nature says, “Look how easy, how healthy, and how beautiful letting go can be.
The true Christmas spirit is putting others’ happiness before our own, and finding you’ve never known such happiness.
A life lived well will have failures that outnumber successes, but successes that outweigh the failures.
As for your vision, &amp; what is or isn't written, Stay faithful until it's fateful.
A Lion that hunts for survival in the jungle does not envy the one being fed in a zoo
Your body is the most complete and miraculous piece of gym equipment you’ll ever need.
Stop drowning your dreams by jumping into waters that you are unable to swim in.
Hey world, look at me. I am becoming what you said I could never be.
One step at a time. Baby steps are still steps. Crawl if you must, but keep moving forward. You will never be defeated as long as you keep moving.
Salivating for success keeps you from being faithful, keeps you from truly seeing whoever's sitting in front of you. Embracing a strategy and an approach you can believe in is sometimes the best you can do on any given day. If you surrender your need for results and outcomes, success becomes God's business.
Don’t forget that the journey is seldom about the destination. There’s a lot of joy in just getting there.
It’s impossible to fail if one doesn’t know how the end should look. And it’s impossible to succeed. But it’s possible to enjoy.
Success is a condition that gives us the ability to do what makes us happy.
Do not beat yourself up for what you did or did not do. That will only bruise you and break you and make you less able to live the life you want. You can’t change the past, and you can’t control the future, but you can sure as hell contribute to the quality of your today.
You can’t change the past, and you can’t control the future, but you can sure as hell contribute to the quality of your today.
Deep breath. Positive thought. Firm resolve. Now go out there and grab that dream with your name already on it.
Believe to behold.
At least once in your life, something will go terribly wrong, and oh by the way, it will be your fault (or at least seem to be). All the heads will turn to you.  This is your defining moment, hold yourself, hold the panic, hold the anger, hold the blames.  Accept the situation, remember this as a rule - "shit happens to everyone atleast once in their lifetime" so gather yourself and work to contain the damage, to fix what can be fixed and minimize the impact.  Success isn't never falling it is getting up from a fall and turning things around.
The original meaning of the word resolution means to “break into parts.” Think about that as you make your New Year’s resolutions. Break the big ones down. Break the little ones down. Every step is a victory. Don’t you dare wait until the finish line to celebrate. Life happens along the journey, not just at the finish line.
Here’s a good reason to never think of yourself as a VICTIM: the origin of the word comes from living creatures sacrificed to supernatural powers. So don’t you let anyone pin you down on an altar and take the life from you. You might have been hurt, abused, wounded, and used, but you are not theirs. You are your own. The meaning of OWN means to make one’s own…so there you go. You decide. They don’t.
We must work while we have strength.
I am strong because love is my strength. I am beautiful because kindness is my beauty. I am a success because I found it in my happiness.
I matter. My feelings deserve attention. My desires deserve fulfillment. My dreams count. I matter, not because I’m selfish, but because if I don’t value my body, mind, and spirit, the world will destroy me. And when I do value myself, I am indestructible.
This is my year. The year I will matter. The year I will take care of me. The year I will conquer my fears. The year I will feed my soul as well as my pleasures. It’s a year that does not end after 365 days. It will never end because I will never quit trying to be better.
How you think, speak, and act at this moment determines your success, failure, and your happiness in your future.
You do not need to be a success to be happy; you need to be happy to be truly successful.
Success is not worth living in stress. Forget stress and enjoy the little beauties of life.
Never need the sale.
Success is not by chance but a matter of divinity while excellence is not gift but a reward of hardworking.
A friend once taught me that we'd all live differently if we could live our lives over, but all we can actually do is try to make amends in the future for the past. That means live the best we can right here, right now.
Success! Success! The enemy of progress!
[<i>On his success</i>] It’s mad and bananas and amazing, but I can handle it for the simple reason that it genuinely feels like it’s not real. You know when you go to a fancy dress party and everyone looks incredible and there are crazy things hanging from the ceiling? For about five hours or so, you enter into another world and then, when you come out of it, you are sitting at home with a cup of tea and a biscuit and you’re thinking to yourself, “Well, that was weird. Fun, but weird.” That’s exactly what it feels like… Truly, everything that has happened to me has been beyond any reasonable expectations that I may have had.
Don't give up too soon. If you persevere you will succeed.
Depression was my body's way of grieving the loss of my childhood dreams. Writing was my imagination's way of redefining them.
You have enemies the moment you have success. Our job is finding a way to do business with them. Everyone wants something.
Behind every successful man, there is a woman; and behind her there is envy...
You don’t build a reputation by saying you are going to do something. If you want to be a successful person, you have to actually work. There is nothing wrong with speaking about future plans if you actually take action to make them work. Be proud of your success thus far and be hopeful for your success in the future.
Don't let goal setting become heavy weights. Remain flexible and allow room for intuitive changes.
Hidden skills and knowledge are the essence of a successful small business. Unleash and leverage what is locked inside your head to help others while helping yourself.
Friends won't support you until they see strangers celebrate you.
We must all be professors of the jungle.
Never feel more important that you think you won't ever need other people's help in your life. You will suffer and life will be hard for you.
If someone is trying to sell you with only past credentials and older accolades without including present examples and up to date proof, you might be dealing with someone that is sharing expired information and does not have the up to date knowledge to help you.
Communication and a clear mutual understanding between two people or more can help to build the best route to success in any venture.
Instead of letting others the power to decide our failures or our success, every decision that we take will impact the life of someone, let's be responsible of our lives.
How important things you will achieve in life will be determined by how many times you shall act bravely in life!
Those who have succeeded have not failed less than the rest of us, they have just tried more than us. They have tried and tried until they succeeded. Don’t give up before you have given your dreams a fair shot. Keep going until you have succeeded. Your loss becomes your success. Lose more, win more.
Regret is one the scariest words in any language and success is one of the most beautiful ones. What are you waiting for?
Our success at Amazon is a function of how many experiments we do per year, per month, per week, per day.
The Shortest Success Mantra  for this short life is Move  out from your Comfort zone into  your Action zone.
Demanding change and justice is worlds different from devoting time and efforts to making those changes and creating that justice.
Maybe you can't change the world, but you can change your world.
He fulfilled in all emergencies those three conditions which united ought to insure human success—activity of mind and body, impetuous wishes, and powerful will.
You may compare yourself to others, and feel insecure about your own worthiness.  Don’t be too hard on 'others' that you perceive to have 'made it' before you.  There is no 'other' – we are all human and all have our own set of struggles, even when we 'make it', nothing is ever perfect and the illusion of the internet can be a mirage.
And that can never be a mistake--to fly instead of staying in the nest with all the poop and everything that's in there.
Only be productive if you are in the right mental, physical and emotional space to do so. If you are sick, quit trying to make things happen.
Your lack of attention to detail is why no one is paying attention to you. Professionalism, communication and follow through builds real success.
Embrace your power. Before, when you hid your light you were safe and non-threatening. As you begin to shine, those who cannot support your growth will fall away, this is how life naturally unfolds.
I don't want you to think you've been forgotten by creation. Sometimes it takes a long road for things to become clear. It's not a failure. It's an unveiling and so much more powerful because of your wait.
Success is no guarantee of happiness. The only guarantee of happiness is happiness.
Live beyond your fear. This is your life, the good, the bad, all yours. The change you want is beyond your comfort zone. If change was within your comfort zone, you would be wherever you want to be, but it isn’t. The best in life is past our comfort, into our fear and beyond it.
Success is all about believing, always visualizing what you want to do and want to be and act accordingly on it until become it reality.
No matter how many times you have failed. Out of all options you have, one of them is giving up. Today just choose to start again, Maybe you were doing the right thing, but the time was not right. That is why you failed
Guard your heart, mind and time. Those three things will determine the health of everything else in your life.
When your experience, qualifications, and skills fail you. Let your hope, prayer, and faith carry you through.
Take my hand, hold on tight, and together we will jump. Jump out of the darkness and into the blinding light. I don’t know what struggle we will experience out there but I believe it is better than struggling here in the darkness. Together let’s change our lives. Let us take risks to create a better life. I believe.
To succeed, you must never give on yourself.
To succeed, you must never stop trying.
How many times should you try before you give up? If you want something bad enough, you will keep trying until. Until what? Until you succeed.
Success is counted sweetest By those who ne'er succeed. To comprehend a nectar Require sorest need.  Not one of all the purple host Who took the flag to-day Can tell the definition, So clear, of victory,  As he, defeated, dying, On whose forbidden ear The distant strains of triumph  Break, agonized and clear.
We can have more enjoyable days and even a higher quality of life with more success by taking small steps to shift our thoughts using practical, everyday strategies and insights from the rapidly expanding field of Positive Psychology.
Our parents encouraged us to follow our dreams and told us that if we wanted to do something, we could do it. And, they said, if we did it the Lord's way, for the right reasons, we would be successful. Not that we would win every game or be wealthy, but that we would be successful in God's eyes if we did the things that glorify Him.
Success is not defined by the degrees you earn or the promotions you get. But it is defined by what you do after that. Success with arrogance will burn you to the ground. The higher you climb, the more you need to keep your feet on the ground.
Breathe and wait ten seconds before you put up that post. Is that content good for today, tomorrow, next week, next month and next year? If not, alter it, to create a professional endurance to your content
If someone is better than you at something, it is likely that they have failed at it more times than you have.
Don’t oversell what or where you are, especially in today’s industry. It is easier now than ever to be found out as a big-talking beginner or a liar. On the other hand, honesty is strength; use it.
If you are not presenting your message with confidence and self-belief, why should anyone have confidence or belief in your message?
Do not hide, duck or cover when you are asked to give an answer or information that someone is not going to like. Answer the questions, even if the answers are not what others want to hear.
I consider myself a student of success. I’m no better or smarter than anyone else. I’m just another starving man showing others where the food is.
There is something you have that all of the most wildly successful people in our history have also had. Twenty four hours in a day.
You don’t need to look to other people to help you be successful. There’s only one place you need to look in order to find the validation and motivation you need to find success. The mirror.
Putting time, energy, and effort into counterattacking your critics, giving rebuttals to bad reviews, or arguing with people who don’t like you or your business are all a big waste of time.
Your volume speaks volumes. Be aware of your dynamics, your tones as well as the loudness and softness of your voice on the phone and in person.
Dreams come true, with much work.
Here we all are, so afraid of failure that we don’t even attempt to succeed. We feel so lost, by ourselves. Fear fuels our stagnation. Fear should be fueling our success or nothing at all. Everyone feels fear; we should be learning to use our fear to our advantage rather than attempting to ignore it. I am afraid but that doesn’t stop me. Does fear stop you?
Faith is invisible force.
If you believe in yourself, you will soar high in the heavenly haven.
If you are ready to face the fears, take the steps, do the work, be more than you thought you ever could, and attack the dream, what is keeping you? Lose all the excuses and replace them with all the reasons for success. Be the change for yourself. Commit to the dream or quit. There really is no middle ground.
You may reach the tree top,and seem to touch the sky , but know that the tree your resting on, is grounded and rooted in the soil ,deep in the earth.
If you believe you are capable, you find the courage to get it done.
The beauty in our beliefs causes us to let our grassy goals and dreams take root, for sorrow gives seed to success, success blossoms into significance, and significance transcends the seasons that come and go with the whims of the world.
Few places are more important for dressing appropriately than the workplace, where a professional appearance is crucial.
You can be dressed to the nines and have it all going on, but if you don’t have shoes to support your look, they can be your undoing. Your shoes should be appropriate, clean, polished, and maintained if you want to make a great impression and fortify your credibility. If your shoes are scuffed, dirty, or worn, clients may wonder what other details you’ve neglected to attend to.
Your habits and hygiene demonstrate how you feel about yourself. Without saying a word, they speak for you.
An important part of dressing for success is not only wearing something well but making sure it is appropriate for the occasion or the environment.
Dressing appropriately in one venue may be highly inappropriate in another.
Dressing appropriately in one venue may be highly inappropriate in another. Yet every day we see a lack of modesty and taste, regardless of how uncomfortable it makes others feel.
Experts agree that color can stimulate emotions which evoke different responses. Simply by changing colors, you can change moods, communication, perceptions, energy, and expectations.
Research has shown that different colors represent different character qualities and have a powerful psychological effect. Color portrays different meanings in life and in business. Choose the colors that not only make you look and feel great, but inspire the emotions you hope to evoke.
The importance of healthy habits and hygiene for making a positive first impression should go without saying; however, I would be remiss if I did not include this topic in the book, because surprisingly, many people just don’t get it.
Are your habits and hygiene hindering your success or making a great first impression on your behalf?
Without a second look, your habits and hygiene reflect a lot about you—your thoughts, values, beliefs, priorities, self-esteem, self-respect, confidence, and every other category covered in this book that influence how people perceive you.
When you resolve to live a healthier life, you will feel better, look better, and make a better impression on everyone you meet. Only you have the power, ability, and personal choice to instill healthy habits and hygiene into your life.
I know that trying to begin a new habit may be uncomfortable, inconvenient, or challenging. However, when the goal is to feel terrific, isn’t it worth your consideration?
Poor habits can invalidate your credibility and undermine your success in all areas.
Proven professionals know that by focusing on quality, you can’t lose with the classics and your clothes will last longer. It’s not about having expensive clothing, it is about having style.
Create your own personal brand to stand apart from the crowd. Package your unique talents, style, personality, and products. Show and tell who you are and what you do—to the world.
Developing your EI will allow you to explore new depths of understanding in yourself and others. It will give you insight as to why people behave as they do and assist you in areas you may wish to improve.
Prepare for Success. Feel the satisfaction and power of having your act together! Get organized beforehand to get better results. Prior Planning Prevents Poor Performance.
Make the personal choice to instill healthy habits and hygiene into your life. When you resolve to live a healthier life, you will feel better, look better, enjoy improved well-being and make a better impression.
Your professional experience can strengthen your resume, increase your earning potential, prove dependability, instill trust, and open new doors of opportunity which would remain closed otherwise.
Simply by living life you will gain new experiences that are uniquely your own. Your vantage points along your journey will help you form your perceptions, grow your influence, and ground you in a wisdom which can only be gained from having been there and having done it.
Punctuality Plus. When you have scheduled an appointment, or have made a commitment, you have essentially made a promise. Being punctual demonstrates your consideration for others and that you can be depended upon.
Be and Do what it takes to Have superb results. Nurture a mindset that works for you, rather than against you. Your inner thoughts determine your outer world.
Once you are dressed there may be still more you can do to enhance, complement, or complete your look. Simply changing your accessories will change your entire impression.
Look forward to failure. Fail quickly. If it does not start with Failure it is probably not meant to be
Never be in a state of dissociation when it comes to your decisions
You need to be able to think Independently.
There is no better way to find out the true heart, honor, and professionalism of a person, than seeing how they handle themselves and others when facing a crisis, disaster or intense level of pressure.
When you promote and market yourself, your service, your product - it cannot be from a script or textbook - it must be from the heart.
You have all the power you need to build the future that you wish.
Walk where your heart leads you and you will reach where you truly belong.
Do your clothes make you feel happy, beautiful, comfortable in your skin, handsome, confident, or powerful?
How you accessorize your wardrobe can transform the plainest outfit into a dazzling, unforgettable impression. It can be the mark of your own unique style, an extra splash of fashion, or an expression of your mood.
Which outfits do you get the most compliments on when you are wearing them? What colors make you feel healthy, vibrant, and alive?
Does your appearance accurately convey the message of who you are that you are trying to get across? When trying to make an excellent first impression in business but in doubt of what to wear, dress one level up from what is expected—if it's casual, dress in business casual, etc.
What is YOUR personal brand? How are you packaging your unique talents, style, personality and/or products to represent who you are, what you do, and how you show yourself to the world?
Whether you are in business or simply want to be remembered positively, frankly consider these things: What makes you feel special and significant? What makes you unforgettable? When people see or think of you, what image do you think comes to mind?
Since nothing stays the same, the great news is that, at any moment, you have the ability and power to move the needle in the direction of your dreams and create a brand that best represents you.
You can re-design your life, learn a new skill, update your appearance, offer a new service, or even change your attitude.
You can always create the space to Review, Redo, and Renew as I teach in my book Release the Power of Re3. If you feel it is time to refresh your brand, take a moment to rethink your relevance and apply my 3-step formula.
How can you stand apart from the herd? How can you start to be noticed so people will remember you? How can you be heard above the noise? “What is your personal branding that makes you special, unique, individual, and memorable?
What helps people identify your Super Powers? Instead of hiring a personal PR firm to identify and promote your personal brand, ask yourself what strengths you want to be remembered by.
To help get your creative juices flowing, you might look online at lists of the "best taglines ever." Their branding ideas are genius and may be just the catalyst you need to activate your awesome!
Take a searching inventory of your speech, habits, behaviors, appearance, hobbies, preferences, talents, and products. The key is what makes you distinct and unlike others.
Is YOUR brand consistent and congruent with your desired outcomes?
A “brand” identifies how you are unique and different. It is an attention-getter to help you stack up against your competitors. It also shares with us what we can expect by doing business with you.
Project your “brand” to be remarkable and memorable. Whether through a positioning statement, product placement, advertising campaign, service, a logo, mission, or message, your brand is what makes you and/or your company remarkable—or not.
Don't wait for the right time to start something...  Start NOW!!!  Don't wait for someone to teach you something...  Learn YOURSELF!!!  If you want something... genuinely...  Put your heart in it and TRY ONCE!!!  You may fail... But you'll be satisfied that you tried your best for it!!  Be Passionate... Be Dedicated... Conquer your Dreams!!!
Color is one of the most important and distinctive elements in enhancing your image. Wearing the colors which are best matched to your personality, energy, skin tone, hair color, and body type will make you look healthier, more vibrant, confident, successful, and approachable.
The times, they are a-changing! What was once defined by tradition, respect, and custom has evolved into a relaxed and casual society. What is acceptable and normal today would never have been permitted in the past.
Is your appearance representing you well and helping you achieve the results you desire or could you use a style makeover?
People will form impressions, assumptions, opinions, and judgments all within a few short seconds. To make a favorable first impression and make these seconds count, enhance your image by choosing clean, crisp, appropriate attire that reflects confidence and professionalism.
For many people and companies, the only place they are seen by others "in person" is on the Internet. Having a stand-out, consistent brand is imperative.
The word “brand” has now taken an individualized and highly personalized shift toward how you are perceived in the minds of others.
Like it or not, how we each present ourselves to the world, by way of our appearance, attire, behavior, and speech, all send messages on our behalf.
The first thing others see is YOU—not your resume, background, or credentials. A picture is truly worth a thousand words and how you dress is the “picture” you provide for all the world to see.
Making a great first impression is not an accident, and with a little planning, experimentation, and application, you can transform your style, substance, and impact.
Is your branding serving your needs for positive impact? Is it paving the way for a great first impression on people when they meet you, think of you, speak of you, or even see you on the Internet? If not, it’s time for a change, and it is perfectly within your control.
Redesign, renew, and recharge your brand.” Decide what value you bring to others and give it.
Always take failure as an opinion; never as an option.
Things will happen when they should. When an event is forced, its outcome would be less than optimal.
Stairs to success are made of people.
There are two kinds of people: goal-oriented and ego-oriented. Goal-oriented people work together and get things gone. Ego-oriented people don’t work.
Some people are like popcorn: they will only succeed when under heat or pressure.
Most people accept living unhappy lives because it is the only way they know, they refuse to be open to the new emerging possibilities and refuse to make positive changes. Because they are afraid of being outside their own comfort zone and don’t risk anything, they live lives that are far less fulfilling than they could actually have.
Issues or fears of confrontation tend to showcase unhealthy and unprofessional communication. If you are trusting someone to tell you all the good, bad and ugly, but they only give you the good out of their fears and confrontational issues… the bad and the ugly can grow worse and worse quickly.
Being prepared not only reduces our stress level and keeps us from looking stupid, but it builds the confidence that other people have in us that we are dependable, reliable and can be counted upon.
If you are saying the same thing as everyone else, then why would and why should anyone think you are different from everyone else?
Being prepared prevents us from getting tripped up by unexpected glitches and surprises.
Whether it is in the way you walk, talk, dress, or behave, your personal brand impacts how people react and respond to you. It is the essence of what makes you likable, knowable, and trustworthy. And it is what can make you memorable and sought after in the marketplace.
A truly successful person is not one who achieves his highest ambitions, but one who enjoys helping others reach theirs.
When you decide to remove the word “failure” from your dictionary, it is definitely time for you to re-evaluate your definition of the word “success”. Those who found success without going through failures never found true success, only delusions.
It is no longer a matter of IF you have a personal brand--it is a question of “How is it working for you?” Does it best express your intentions, your uniqueness, and your service offering? Is it helping or hindering your progress and success in business?
Every step we take toward the top is possible because of all the little steps we took in the past.
Building something that matters is a marathon, not a sprint.
As I began examining my successes and failures, what I gradually realized was that the very same activities that had rescued me from failure, that had carried me from the failure line up to the survival line, would also rescue me from average and carry me from the survival line to the success line-IF I WOULD JUST KEEP DOING THEM.
You cannot reach success only by working hard, you also need to be working smart.
Don't let societies perceptions and opinions define who you are as a person. Where is it written that you cannot be great at more than one thing?
Either be a good parent to your career or just give your dream up for adoption.
Focus on the win and you lose the battle, focus on the battle and you win.
A great deal of success in life depends on the relationship you have with yourself, your partner and your money.
Nobody played poker with Mike Walsh--at least, not twice--but people fought to get aboard Constellation. Her command record since Mike took her was almost the equal of Enterprise's for danger, daring, and success not only snatched from the jaws of failure, but afterward used to beat failure over the head.
The future, when it comes, is just like the present. The present is all you have and the opportunity of the present is worth more than the success of the past or the promise of the future.
Set a goal. Say it out loud. Let it scare you. Let it change you. Let it excite you. And then, let it motivate you. Until one day, you’ll say it out loud and it’ll be a reality. A product of your hustle, of your persistence. The product of a dreamer who was brave enough to leap.
Failure opens the door to the most powerful lessons and discoveries – but it does so only if you have the courage to accept reality and look failure in the eye.
As humans, we unconsciously embrace the group’s beliefs and behaviors without questioning them or surrender to their opinions.
What is YOUR personal brand? How are you packaging your unique talents, style, personality and/or products to represent who you are, what you do, and how you show yourself to the world?
Social context trumps reason and social context drives your behaviors with an influence akin to an invisible force. We naturally adapt our behaviors to the context.
You are capable of great things. Show up. Show up consistently. Show up consistently with a positive outlook. Be prepared for and committed to the long haul. Cultivate a burning desire backed by faith. Be willing to pay the price. And do the things you've committed to doing-even when you don't feel like it, even when no one else is watching.
When you are truly happy you will realise that there is nothing to prove to people.
Learning, empowering, studying, practicing, and not repeating the same mistakes will help you move forward, move up, and move on to where you want to be.
Keep the momentum while you are moving to guarantee additional motion and momentum.
Marketing and promoting doesn’t come down to the likes, the pins, the plus ones, the followers, the fans, the friends, the views, or the plays online. Marketing and promoting comes down to the conversions.
It's time to have and enjoy magical moments in life, reposition yourself so magic happens.
Dreams hit the fan? Life unexpectedly take a turn for the worst? Here’s what you do:  First thing I think is to realize God didn’t do this to you. It’s just life.  Second, know that it sucks. It does.  Third, it’s a tunnel not a cave.  Fourth, it still sucks.  Fifth, it’s not hopeless. Assign meaning to it. Choose for these horrible things to bring you closer to family and god and not farther apart.  Praying for you
The more you tell yourself that you are trying to do something rather than telling yourself that you are doing said thing, the harder it is to have success in your attempts. By saying that you are trying to do something you are focusing on the negatives making it impossible to have a positive outcome.
If you don’t know your tendencies and can’t analyze when you are most effective, then how can you get the most done in the least amount of time with the best results?
Work is meant to create a desired outcome. If your work is not creating the dream, what are you working on?
There is something vibrantly beautiful, a glow, that radiates from someone who is actively moving towards their goals and dreams. I’m not sure what it is, but I know I love it, I’m attracted to it, and I surround myself with people who have it. The courageous few who dare to radiate this life essence... those are my people.
Habits are tools. They can either propel you toward success or drag you down.
We only have one life (unless you’re a cat or a Buddhist) and it’s often dictated to us by what society tells us we should do. So we normalize and accept the paradox. We glamorize busy, but long to take a breath. We praise fat pay checks, but forget to be generous. We flaunt accumulation, but don’t use what we have. We value our diplomas, but forget how to be curious. We push a button on a treadmill that doesn’t take us anywhere as we look out at the park across the street.
I’ve always said we can’t all experience everything, but we can all learn from each other’s experiences, making learning curves shorter and pitfalls avoidable.
Spoil your clients.
Want true success? Ask yourself these 3 questions daily:  1. Who can I serve? 2. Where can I contribute greatest? 3. Is my work today congruent with my future goals?
If your beliefs are not useful to you, or they are not bringing you peace and abundance, update them!
It does not matter how many times you fall, the most important thing is there exist grace to shake of the dirt, and pull all forces for a rise up.
With grace, you will succeed despite strong opposition.
Some fail because after they choose the direction for their careers, they spend too much time second-guessing their decision.
Most people talk, but say nothing. That’s ok because nobody is listening anyway. Let today be the day you stop with words and take ACTION! Shut-up and say something with your behavior... Dream. Plan. Act.
If you were stranded in the ocean in a small boat with a paddle, I’d tell you to pray to God, but row for the shore!
Business is fluid and you can always improve and progress as your time and financial resources allow, and as your learning curve shortens.
Failure is not an option but it is constantly a possibility. You manage your success by managing both the technical and the social risk.
Social context and NOT individual abilities drives performance, success or failure of a team or a project.
When you address and acknowledge unpleasant realities, your creativity begins to soar and you come up with apparently magical solutions to problems.
Expressing authentic appreciation doesn’t cost you anything and the outcomes are simply wonderful.
People who feel excluded get angry and act out their anger in the team. No man is an island, no person can function isolated from the group. When you create a team, any kind of team, inclusion is fundamental. Without every member feeling deeply that he or she belongs to that group there is no team.
Failure is not an option but it is constantly a possibility. You manage your success by managing both the technical and the social risk.
Social context and NOT individual abilities drives performance, success or failure of a team or a project.
